<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>s10k_2005.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2005
<TEXT>



                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

[X]                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
                   15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005

                                       OR

[ ]               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
                  15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the transition period from ___ to ____

                         Commission file number 0-14061

                             STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               Kentucky                               61-0712014
  (State or other jurisdiction of        (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
   incorporation or organization)

                  15415 Shelbyville Road, Louisville, KY 40245
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 502-245-2110

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                           COMMON STOCK, NO PAR VALUE
                         PREFERRED SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS

Indicate by check mark if the  registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES [ ] NO [X].

Indicate  by  check  mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES [ ] NO [X].

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months,  and (2) has been subject to such filing  requirements
for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ].

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated  by  reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any  amendments  to
this Form 10-K. [ ].

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  Registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES [X] NO [ ].

Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [ ] NO [X].


Aggregate  market value of the voting stock (which  consists solely of shares of
common  stock) held by  non-affiliates  of the  registrant as of March 31, 2005,
computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant's  common stock, as
quoted in the NASDAQ National Market on such date: $269,233,796.

Number of shares of the  registrant's  Common Stock  outstanding  at December 2,
2005: 12,938,428.

Portions of the  registrant's  annual report to shareholders for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2005 are incorporated by reference into Part II. Portions of
the definitive  proxy  statement  furnished to shareholders of the registrant in
connection  with the annual  meeting of  shareholders  to be held on January 26,
2006 are incorporated by reference into Part III.
<PAGE>

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain portions of this Report contain  forward-looking  statements  within the
meaning of Section  27A of the  Securities  Act of 1933 and  Section  21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements include, among
others, our expectations and assumptions concerning the following aspects of our
business and the steel processing industry:

  *implementation of our strategic growth plan;

  *our financial condition and future operating results;

  *anticipated trends affecting our customers and suppliers;

  *competitive conditions within the steel processing industry; and

  *future economic conditions.


Forward-looking  statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as
"may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," "future"
and similar  words,  although some  forward-looking  statements may be expressed
differently.

You should be aware that our actual results could differ  materially  from those
contained in the forward-looking  statements.  You should consider carefully the
statements  under "Risk  Factors"  set forth in Item 1A of Part I of this Report
and  other  portions  of  this  Report,   which   describe   various  risks  and
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth
in the forward-looking statements.  These risks and uncertainties include, among
others, the following:

  *competitive factors such as pricing and availability of steel;

  *cyclicality  of  demand  in  the  steel  industry,   specifically  in  the
   automotive market;

  *our ability to make and integrate acquisitions;

  *our  inability  to  obtain  sufficient   capital  resources  to  fund  our
   operations and growth;

  *risk of business interruptions affecting automotive manufacturers; and

  *reliance on key customers.

You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking  statements,  which
represent our estimates,  expectations  and  assumptions  only as of the date of
this Report.  We disclaim any  undertaking  or obligation  to republish  revised
forward-looking  statements to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or
circumstances  after the date of this Report.

                                       1

<PAGE>

References to "we," "us" or "our" refer  collectively to Steel Technologies Inc.
and its subsidiaries.

PART I

ITEM 1.           BUSINESS

GENERAL

Steel Technologies Inc. is incorporated under the laws of the state of Kentucky.
Our  company  was  founded  in 1971 with the  vision to become the leader in the
steel  processing  industry  and we are  now  one  of  the  largest  independent
flat-rolled steel processors in North America. We purchase commercial  tolerance
steel in coils from major  integrated  steel  mills and  mini-mills.  We process
these  coils to precise  tolerances  that are  unavailable  from  primary  steel
producers.

Our North American platform of 20 facilities,  including our joint ventures,  is
strategically positioned in steel producing and consuming markets near customers
and suppliers to ensure efficient  just-in-time  delivery of products throughout
the United States and Mexico. We utilize the most advanced  equipment to produce
high-quality  steel products and specialize in meeting exact  specifications for
customers  in a variety of  industries  and end  markets.  Our broad  geographic
coverage  allows  us  to  provide  our  customers  with  efficient  just-in-time
delivery.

We, along with our joint ventures, have consistently increased our processes and
capabilities,  adding  20 facilities  and over  100 installations  of  precision
equipment since our initial public offering. Since fiscal 1993, we have invested
approximately  $44 million in four acquisitions,  approximately  $196 million in
capital  expenditures and  approximately  $7 million  establishing our two joint
ventures. We intend to continue to pursue growth through acquisitions, expansion
of existing  facilities,  Greenfield  construction  and development of our joint
venture operations.


STEEL PROCESSING

Our production facilities are strategically located near customers and suppliers
to ensure  efficient  just-in-time  delivery of  products  across the markets we
serve.  Together  with  our  joint  ventures,  we  have  20  facilities.   Steel
Technologies' facilities are located in Kentucky,  Indiana, Missouri,  Michigan,
Ohio, North Carolina,  South Carolina and Mexico. Each of our Steel Technologies
facilities maintains one or more  internationally  recognized Quality Management
Systems such as QS9000 or ISO 9001.  Mi-Tech Steel Inc., our 50% owned corporate
joint venture, has facilities in Alabama, Indiana, Mississippi and Tennessee. We
also own 49% of Ferrolux Metals, a certified  minority-owned business processing
steel for exposed automotive applications, which has a facility in Michigan.

Our principal processing capabilities, among others, include:

Pickling and Leveling.  A chemical  process  using an acidic  solution to remove
     surface oxide which develops on hot-rolled  steel and may also be performed
     in conjunction with coating and lubricating steel;

Slitting.  Coils  are  cut to  specific  widths  on  precision  machines  called
     slitters.  Coils of  fully-processed  strip or wide  sheet  coil are passed
     through  rotary  slitting  knives  and  rewound  in  narrow-width  coils as
     required by customer specifications;

Cold Reducing.  Coils are reduced in thickness on high-powered precision rolling
     mills to achieve  exact  tolerances  in  thickness,  finish and  mechanical
     properties;

Annealing. Steel is heat treated in high convection,  100% hydrogen  furnaces to
     recrystalize  the  internal  structure,  creating a softer,  more  workable
     material;

Cut-to-length. Cuts and levels steel to exact shapes and widths;

                                       2
<PAGE>

Blanking. Steel is stamped in blanking  presses  utilizing  precision  tools and
     dies to  generate  flat steel  shapes that are  subsequently  formed by our
     customers into finished parts;

Multi-Blanking. Coils are cut to specified multiple widths and then sheared to a
     precise length;

Oscillating.  Steel is produced on  multi-head  slitting and  oscillate  winding
     equipment  as a means of  producing  exceptionally  long  lengths of narrow
     strip steel by winding  consecutive  coils,  much like thread is wound on a
     spool;

Laser-cutting.  The  laser-cutting of steel parts in excess of one-inch thick to
     precise customer specifications;

Edging. The process of  conditioning  the edge of the steel to eliminate  jagged
     edges or burrs;

Automotive  Inspection.  Inspection of a coil to ensure surface quality suitable
     for automotive body panels; and

Edgetrimming.  The  process  of  trimming  the edge of a steel  coil  creating a
     clean-cut slit edge.

Our  processed  products  include:  cold-rolled  strip  and  sheet,  cold-rolled
one-pass strip,  high carbon and alloy strip and sheet,  hot-rolled  sheet, high
strength low alloy strip and sheet,  coated strip and sheet,  hot-rolled pickled
and oiled  sheet and tin plate.  Both our own and our joint  venture  operations
utilize the most technologically  advanced and modern equipment in the industry,
including:  rolling mills, slitting lines,  cut-to-length lines,  multi-blanking
lines, exposed inspection lines, blanking presses,  oscillating slitters, edging
lines, annealing units, a pickling line, and laser-cutting capabilities.

We purchase inventory to match a specific customer's requirements based on their
forecasted  or  historical  usage.  The  customer's  orders are  entered  into a
computerized  order entry system and appropriate  inventory is then selected and
scheduled  for  processing  in  accordance  with a specified  delivery  date. We
maximize yield from our inventory by scheduling  customer  orders to use, to the
fullest extent practicable, the purchased widths of our inventory.

We have been  willing  to  invest in the  technology,  equipment  and  inventory
required  to further  process  steel for use in  manufacturing  operations.  Our
industry has  experienced a reduction in the overall number of processors due to
the increasing cost of entry and the  rationalization by purchasers of processed
steel of the number of  suppliers  they  utilize.  These  industry  forces  have
created  a market  in which  the  strength  of our  business  is based  upon our
capability  to process steel to more precise  specifications  and to service the
steel purchasing and delivery  requirements of our customers more  expeditiously
than the primary steel producers.

We have achieved high quality and productivity  levels by using  technologically
advanced, modern and efficient equipment to perform the pickling, slitting, cold
reduction, annealing and blanking processes. Our pickling facility is capable of
high volume  pickling,  leveling,  coating and  slitting of hot rolled  steel to
specifications  greater than industry standards.  Our slitting lines are capable
of maintaining width tolerances of +/- 0.002 inches. We have computerized all of
our rolling equipment,  which has improved its capability to deliver flat-rolled
steel products  processed to closer than standard  tolerances.  Our computerized
rolling  mills are capable of  maintaining  thickness  tolerances  of +/- 0.0003
inches.

Computers monitor thickness during the cold reduction process, rapidly adjusting
roll position to maintain the proper  tolerance as the steel passes  through the
rolling mill.  The computers  also provide both visual  displays and  documented
records of the thickness  maintained  throughout  the entire coil.  Annealing is
accomplished in high convection bell furnaces that feature extraordinary thermal
consistency,  rapid water  cooling and  advanced  atmosphere  controls  for good
surface cleanliness of the rolled steel product.  Our blanking lines are capable
of producing  blanks from coils up to 84 inches in width and a maximum  gauge of
0.25 inches  thick.  The  flatness of the steel is  controlled  by an  automatic
hydraulic leveler and diagnostic  equipment that continually  monitors the steel
during  processing to minimize  scrap and provide  up-to-the  minute  production
information.

                                       3
<PAGE>


QUALITY CONTROL

The ability to obtain high quality steel from suppliers on a consistent basis is
critical to our business.  Through our technical  services  department,  we have
instituted  strict  quality  control  measures  to assure  that the  quality  of
purchased  raw  materials  will  allow  us to  meet  the  specifications  of our
customers and to reduce the costs of  production  interruptions  resulting  from
lesser  quality  steel.  Physical,  chemical  and  metallographic  analyses  are
performed  on  selected  raw  material  to  verify  acceptable   mechanical  and
dimensional  properties,   cleanliness,  surface  characteristics  and  chemical
content.  Similar  analyses are conducted on processed steel on a selected basis
before  delivery  to the  customer.  We also  use  statistical  process  control
techniques  to  monitor  our  slitting  and cold  reduction  processes  to allow
management to verify to customers  that certain  required  tolerances  have been
continuously  maintained throughout processing.  This close attention to product
quality has enabled us to limit the amount of customer  returns and  allowances.
Our metallurgical laboratories are located at the Eminence, Kentucky and Ottawa,
Ohio facilities.

Our  Technical  Services  Department  is comprised of  metallurgical  engineers,
quality   management   system  employees  and  laboratory   technicians.   These
individuals are located at our various  facilities and are closely involved with
many aspects of our  business,  with strong  emphasis on sales,  purchasing  and
quality  assurance.  In addition  to  administering  our testing and  laboratory
facilities,  they provide input into process design and control, product quality
and material  specifications.  The metallurgical engineers work closely with our
sales  department  to assist our  customers  with the  selection of  appropriate
flat-rolled steel products for new applications.  Technical  Services  personnel
play a major role in providing  metallurgical  assistance  to our  customers and
suppliers.   They  work  closely  with  our  purchasing   department  to  assure
appropriate  supply from our vendor base and play an  essential  part in our ISO
quality system registrations.

SALES AND MARKETING

We employ a highly skilled and experienced  sales and marketing staff consisting
of field sales people assigned to seven regions  located  throughout the markets
we serve.  This group is  primarily  responsible  for selling our  products  and
services to both  existing and new  accounts.  They cover 32 states,  Canada and
Mexico and service all market segments.  Their efforts are centrally coordinated
by a Senior  Vice  President  of Sales and seven  Regional  Vice  Presidents  or
Regional Managers. In addition, we have a centralized customer service team that
manages the daily  sales and service  requirements  of  existing  and  potential
customers.  Our sales and  marketing  staff play a key role in  cultivating  new
markets and identifying  growth  opportunities.  Our advertising,  marketing and
sales expenses were less than 2% of sales during fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003.

CUSTOMERS AND DISTRIBUTION

We produce to customer  order rather than for  inventory.  Although some blanket
orders are taken for periods of up to one year, such blanket orders  represent a
projection of anticipated  customer  requirements  and do not become firm orders
until the  customer  calls for delivery of specified  quantities  of  particular
products at specified times. We are therefore required to maintain a substantial
inventory of raw material to meet the short lead times and just-in-time delivery
requirements of many of our customers. Customers typically place firm orders for
delivery within two to three weeks.

We also "toll process" steel for steel mills,  large end-users,  service centers
and other processors. Under toll processing, we perform certain processes on the
steel while the customer  retains title to the steel and has the  responsibility
for the end product.

We process steel for sale to a variety of industrial customers,  including those
in the automotive,  appliance,  lawn and garden, office furniture,  agriculture,
railcar, construction,  hardware and consumer goods markets. During fiscal 2005,
2004 and 2003, direct sales to the automotive  industry accounted for 8%, 6% and
10% of  total  sales,  respectively,  and  direct sales  to the  automotive  and
automotive supply industry accounted for 46%, 49% and 50%, respectively,  of our
total sales. One customer accounted for approximately 12% of our sales in fiscal
2005.  The loss of this  customer  could have a material  adverse  effect on our
sales,  results of  operations,  financial  position  and cash  flow.  No single
customer  accounted  for more than 10% of our sales in fiscal 2004 and 2003.

                                       4
<PAGE>
We  believe  our  long-term   relationships  with  our  major  customers  are  a
significant factor in the success of our business.

We supply  processed  steel to over 850  customer  locations  across 32  states,
Canada and Mexico.  Our customers are generally  located within 300 miles of one
of our plants.  The location of our facilities near  concentrations of customers
permits  the  efficient  distribution  of our  products  by  truck.  Independent
trucking  companies  afford a  convenient  and  expeditious  means for  shipping
approximately  two-thirds of our products to our  customers.  We also maintain a
fleet of trucks to provide  flexible  delivery service to those customers who do
not arrange for their own shipping needs.

COMPETITION

The steel processing  business is highly fragmented and competitive.  We compete
with a number of other processors on a  region-by-region  basis, based primarily
on the  precision  and  range of  achievable  tolerances,  quality,  price,  raw
materials  and  inventory  availability  and the  ability  to meet the  delivery
schedules of our customers.  We compete with companies of various sizes, some of
which have more established  brand names and relationships in certain markets we
serve than we do.  Increased  competition  could force us to lower our prices or
offer services at a higher cost to us, which could reduce our operating income.

SUPPLIERS

We have long-term  relationships  with key suppliers to support our raw material
requirements.  Raw material meeting our quality specifications is purchased from
both integrated and mini-mill steel  producers.  Our raw material  suppliers are
primarily   North   American   producers   that  are  selected  based  on  their
capabilities, product range and proximity to our locations. All our raw material
is purchased to a specific  customer's  requirements  based on their forecast or
historical  usage.  We support the  just-in-time  delivery  requirements  of our
customer  base and maintain  inventory  levels based on customer  demand and raw
material lead times.

In fiscal 2005, we obtained steel for processing from a number of integrated and
mini-mill  sources close to our facilities and a limited number of foreign steel
companies.  We obtain the raw  material  that we require by ordering  steel with
specified  physical  qualities  and alloy  content.  We believe  that we are not
dependent  on  any  one  of  our   suppliers  for  raw  material  and  that  our
relationships with our suppliers are good.

The steel  industry  as a whole is  cyclical  and  pricing  can be volatile as a
result of general economic conditions, labor costs, competition,  import duties,
tariffs and currency exchange rates. In addition, the supplier base is shrinking
through consolidation.  This volatility and reduction in the number of suppliers
can significantly affect steel costs and availability.

WORKING CAPITAL PRACTICES

We extend credit to our customers after an evaluation of their  creditworthiness
using  information  obtained from the customer's credit  application,  financial
statements and published  information from credit monitoring  service providers.
Our  terms  are  granted   based  on  customer   creditworthiness,   competitive
considerations,  and other specific factors. Our days sales outstanding averaged
40 days during  fiscal 2005.  We expect average days sales outstanding to return
to more normal levels of 45 days during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.

We are required to maintain substantial  inventories in order to accommodate the
short lead times and just-in-time requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we
generally  maintain our  inventory at levels that we believe are  sufficient  to
satisfy  the  anticipated  needs  of our  customers  based  upon  historical  or
forecasted usage and market  conditions.  Our inventory on hand averaged 48 days
during fiscal 2005. We expect  average  inventory  days to return to more normal
levels of 60 days during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.

We are able to negotiate favorable terms with our raw material suppliers because
our  strong  balance  sheet has  allowed  us to  maintain  our  financing  on an
unsecured  basis.  Our average  payment  days to  suppliers  was 24 days  during
fiscal 2005.  We expect  average  payment  days to suppliers to increase to more
normal levels of 30 days during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.

                                       5
<PAGE>


We allow sales returns  within a limited time period after  customer takes title
to the  material  in the event that we agree with the  customer's  determination
that the processed steel does not meet their specifications. The impact of sales
returns are  mitigated in certain  circumstances  when our supplier  grants us a
return if they agree with our  determination  that the steel  purchased  did not
meet our  specifications  in our purchase order.  Our close attention to product
quality has enabled us to limit the amount of sales  returns  and  allowance  to
less than 2% of sales in fiscal 2005.

UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES

Mi-Tech Steel, Inc.

In April 1987, we formed  Mi-Tech  Steel,  Inc., 50% of which is owned by us and
50% of which is owned by a subsidiary of Mitsui & Co. of Tokyo,  Japan.  Mi-Tech
Steel  was  established  to own and  operate  high-volume,  high  quality  steel
processing  facilities to serve Japanese  transplant and domestic automotive and
appliance parts manufacturers  located in the United States. Mitsui provides its
commercial expertise with Japanese automotive and appliance producers,  while we
provide operational,  technical service,  commercial,  purchasing and accounting
support.

Mi-Tech  Steel's  initial  processing  facility  was opened in December  1987 in
Murfreesboro,  Tennessee,  strategically  selected for its  proximity to various
automotive and automotive part manufacturers and appliance customers. In January
1990, Mi-Tech Steel opened a second processing facility in Greensburg,  Indiana,
again,  strategically  located close to various Japanese  transplant  automotive
manufacturers and their associated part suppliers.  A third processing facility,
with  pickling and slitting  capabilities,  opened in December  1997 in Decatur,
Alabama.  The Decatur  facility was closed in mid-2001 in anticipation of one of
its primary suppliers, a nearby mini-mill, discontinuing its operations. Mi-Tech
Steel recorded an impairment  charge  associated with the closing of its Decatur
facility based on its estimates of fair value. The Decatur  facility's  slitting
section was  reopened in  mid-2003  as a result of the  reopening  of the nearby
mini-mill under new ownership.  In 1999,  Mi-Tech Steel began leasing a facility
in  Murfreesboro,  Tennessee  with  cut-to-length  capabilities.  A fifth  steel
processing  facility was opened in September  2003 in Madison,  Mississippi,  to
facilitate all of the steel  processing  requirements  of Nissan Motor Company's
nearby automobile production manufacturing facility.

Currently, Mi-Tech Steel's value-added capabilities are slitting, cut-to-length,
blanking and automotive  inspection as well as a variety of inventory management
and  just-in-time  services.  The facilities in Tennessee and Indiana are QS9000
and ISO 9001 certified, while each of the Alabama and Mississippi facilities are
on schedule for ISO 9001  certification.  Mi-Tech Steel is highly  regarded as a
quality steel processor with recent awards from well known companies,  including
the Calsonic North America Eagle Award,  the Denso  Certification of Merit Award
and the Nissan Outstanding Quality Achievement Award.

Ferrolux Metals Co. LLC

In  September  2001,  we  purchased  a 49% stake in Ferrolux  Metals  Co.,  LLC.
Ferrolux  Metals is a  minority-owned  and certified  business  enterprise  that
operates a facility in Wayne,  Michigan  as a steel  processor  specializing  in
exposed automotive steel processing and just-in-time services.

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS

We utilize a  combination  of  mainframe  and server  technology  and all of our
locations  are  connected  by  a  secure  network.   Our  proprietary   software
applications manage inventory levels and status,  customer  requirements,  order
fulfillment, equipment capacity, production data, shipment status and invoicing.
Our applications allow the flexibility to meet unique customer  requirements and
demanding   service   expectations.   Our  customer   service  website  provides
twenty-four-hours-a-day  and  seven-days-a-week  access  to  order  information,
material  certification  and product  history on a real time basis. In addition,
real time shipping  release and shipment  status  information is available.  Our
focus is to continually  improve all areas of our system to maximize  efficiency
and  improve  customer  satisfaction.  We  continue  to update and  upgrade  our
proprietary and commercially available systems and computer hardware in order to
maximize our efficiency and effectiveness.

                                       6
<PAGE>


ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY REGULATIONS

Our operations are subject to various  environmental  statutes and  regulations,
including those addressing materials and processes used in the processing of our
products. In addition,  certain of our operations are subject to federal,  state
and local  environmental  laws and  regulations  that impose  limitations on the
discharge of pollutants  into the air and water and establish  standards for the
treatment,  storage and disposal of solid and hazardous  wastes. We believe that
we are in material  compliance  with all  environmental  laws,  regulations  and
permits  and that we have  made  sufficient  capital  expenditures  to  maintain
compliance with existing laws and regulations.

Our operations are also governed by laws and  regulations  relating to workplace
safety and worker health  including  those  concerning  occupational  injury and
illness and employee exposure to hazardous materials.  We believe that we are in
material compliance with these laws and regulations.

EMPLOYEES

As  of  October  31,  2005,  Steel  Technologies  employed  approximately  1,194
full-time  people,  of which  approximately  91 are  represented by a collective
bargaining agreement.  We have never experienced a significant work stoppage and
consider our employee relations to be good.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

The Company maintains an Internet website at www.steeltechnologies.com.  We make
available,  free of charge,  on or through this web site,  our Annual  Report on
Form  10-K,  Quarterly  Reports on Form  10-Q,  Current  Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments  to those  reports  filed or furnished  pursuant to Section  13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably  practicable
after  we  electronically  file  such  material  with,  or  furnish  it to,  the
Securities and Exchange  Commission  (SEC).  We also make available  through our
website other  reports filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act,  including our
proxy  statements and reports filed by our officers and directors  under Section
16 of that Act. We do not intend for information  contained in our website to be
part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to Our Operations

Our future  operating  results  may be affected  by price  fluctuations  in, and
availability of, raw materials. Our sales and operating income could decrease if
we are  unable to obtain  the raw  materials  necessary  to meet our  customers'
requirements  or to pass on to our customers  cost increases in raw material and
surcharges.

We purchase our principal raw material, flat-rolled steel, from multiple primary
steel  producers.  The steel  industry as a whole is cyclical and pricing can be
volatile as a result of general economic conditions,  labor costs,  competition,
import duties,  tariffs and currency  exchange rates. In addition,  the supplier
base is shrinking  through  consolidation.  This volatility and reduction in the
number of suppliers can significantly  affect steel costs and  availability.  We
must maintain  substantial  inventories  in order to provide our customers  with
short lead times and just-in-time delivery.  Accordingly,  we regularly purchase
raw materials in an effort to maintain the inventory levels required to meet the
anticipated needs of our customers. As raw material prices increase, competitive
conditions  will impact the prices at which we can obtain raw  material.  We may
pay significantly  more for the raw material that meets our specifications or we
may be unable to obtain these materials at a competitive price. If we are unable
to pass through future price increases to our customers,  our gross margins will
decrease, possibly resulting in lower operating income and profitability.  If we
are  unable  to  obtain  the raw  materials  necessary  to meet  our  customers'
requirements  for  processed  steel  products,   we  could  lose  sales  to  our
competitors and our operating income and profitability could decrease.



                                       7
<PAGE>
The automotive  industry  accounts for a significant  portion of our sales,  and
reduced demand from this industry is likely to result in lower operating  income
and profitability.

In  fiscal  2005,  2004,  and  2003,  direct  sales to the  automotive  industry
accounted for 8%, 6% and 10% of total sales,  respectively,  and direct sales to
the automotive and automotive  supply  industry  accounted for 46%, 49% and 50%,
respectively,  of our total sales.  Such sales  include  sales  directly to auto
manufacturers and to manufacturers of automotive  components and parts.  General
economic conditions, consumer confidence, significant business interruptions and
other factors beyond our control may cause significant demand  fluctuations from
the automotive industry. Downturns in demand from the automotive industry or any
of the other  industries  we serve,  or a  decrease  in the  prices  that we can
realize  from sales of our  products to  customers  in any of these  industries,
could result in lower revenues, operating income and profits.

One customer  accounts for a significant  portion of our sales, and loss of this
customer is likely to result in lower operating income and profitability.

One customer  accounted  for  approximately  12% of our sales in fiscal 2005. No
single  customer  accounted  for more than 10% of our  sales in fiscal  2004 and
2003. The loss of this customer could result in lower revenues, operating income
and profits.

We have made substantial  investments in two processing  facilities  adjacent to
primary  suppliers of raw  material.  If either of those  suppliers  reduces its
business  with us, we could be  forced  to close  or  significantly  reduce  our
operations  at that  facility,  which  could  limit our  ability to recover  our
investment in that facility.

We have made  strategic  investments  to  construct  and  equip  our  processing
facilities in Ghent,  Kentucky and Berkeley,  South  Carolina,  each of which is
located adjacent to primary suppliers of raw material to those facilities.  As a
result, those facilities are more dependent on a single supplier of raw material
than our other  facilities.  If either of those  suppliers  should  experience a
business failure,  significantly  curtail operations or stop doing business with
us, we may be unable to supply  the  facility  adjacent  to that  supplier  with
sufficient raw material at a competitive  price. This could force us to close or
significantly  reduce our  processing  operations at that facility and limit our
ability to recover our investment in that facility.

Our business is highly  fragmented and  competitive,  and increased  competition
could reduce our operating income.

The steel processing  business is highly fragmented and competitive.  We compete
with a number of other processors on a  region-by-region  basis, based primarily
on the  precision  and  range of  achievable  tolerances,  quality,  price,  raw
materials  and  inventory  availability  and the  ability  to meet the  delivery
schedules of our customers.  We compete with companies of various sizes, some of
which have more established  brand names and relationships in certain markets we
serve than we do.  Increased  competition  could force us to lower our prices or
offer services at a higher cost to us, which could reduce our operating income.

We could  incur  substantial  costs in order to comply  with,  or to address any
violations  under,  environmental  laws that could  significantly  increase  our
operating expenses and reduce our operating income.

Our operations are subject to various  environmental  statutes and  regulations,
including laws and regulations addressing materials used in the manufacturing of
our products.  In addition,  certain of our  operations  are subject to federal,
state and local  environmental  laws and regulations that impose  limitations on
the discharge of pollutants  into the air and water and establish  standards for
the treatment,  storage and disposal of solid and hazardous  wastes.  Failure to
maintain  or achieve  compliance  with these  laws and  regulations  or with the
permits required for our operations could result in substantial  operating costs
and capital expenditures,  in addition to fines and civil or criminal sanctions,
third party  claims for property  damage or personal  injury,  cleanup  costs or
temporary or permanent  discontinuance of operations.  Certain of our facilities
have been in operation for many years and,  over time, we and other  predecessor
operators of these  facilities  have  generated,  used,  handled and disposed of
hazardous and other regulated  wastes.  Environmental  liabilities  could exist,
including cleanup obligations at these facilities or at off-site locations where
materials  from our  operations  were  disposed of, which could result in future
expenditures  that cannot be  currently  quantified  and which could  reduce our
profits.

                                       8
<PAGE>
Our  operations  are  subject  to  seasonal  fluctuations  which  may  cause our
quarterly  cash  flows to vary and  adversely  affect  our  ability  to fund our
operating  requirements,  meet our obligations under our credit agreement and to
pay dividends.

Our sales are generally  lower in the first and fourth quarters due primarily to
customer plant shutdowns in the automotive  industry for holidays.  In addition,
quarterly  results  may be  affected  by the  timing of large  customer  orders,
periods  of  high  vacation  concentration  and  the  timing  and  magnitude  of
acquisition  costs.  Therefore,  our cash  flow  from  operations  may vary from
quarter to quarter. If, as a result of any such fluctuation,  our quarterly cash
flow is  significantly  reduced,  we may not be able to service the indebtedness
under our credit  agreement.  A default in our credit agreement could prevent us
from borrowing additional funds needed to fund our working capital and strategic
investment requirements and limit our ability to pay dividends.

We depend on our senior management team and the loss of any member could prevent
us from implementing our business strategy.

Our success is dependent on the management  and leadership  skills of our senior
management team. We have not entered into employment  agreements with any of our
senior  management  personnel  other than Michael J.  Carroll,  which expires in
January 2010. The loss of any members of our  management  team or the failure to
attract  and  retain  additional  qualified  personnel  could  prevent  us  from
implementing our business strategy and continuing to grow our business at a rate
necessary to maintain future profitability.


Risks Related to Our Common Stock

Our  principal  shareholders  have the ability to exert  significant  control in
matters requiring shareholder vote and could delay, deter or prevent a change in
control of our company.

Approximately 10.6% of our outstanding common stock,  including shares of common
stock issuable under options granted which are exercisable  within 60 days, will
be owned by  Bradford  T. Ray,  our  Chairman  of the Board and Chief  Executive
Officer, Merwin J. Ray, our Founding Chairman, and Stuart N. Ray, a Director and
our Vice President. Merwin J. Ray is the father of Bradford T. Ray and Stuart N.
Ray. As a result,  the Ray family will  continue to have  significant  influence
over all actions requiring shareholder  approval,  including the election of our
board of directors.  Through their concentration of voting power, the Ray family
could  delay,  deter or  prevent a change in  control  of our  company  or other
business   combinations   that  might  otherwise  be  beneficial  to  our  other
shareholders.  In deciding  how to vote on such  matters,  the Ray family may be
influenced by interests that conflict with yours.

Certain provisions of our corporate  documents and Kentucky law could discourage
potential  acquisition  proposals and could deter,  delay or prevent a change in
control  of our  company  that our  shareholders  consider  favorable  and could
depress the market value of our common stock.

Certain  provisions  of our  articles of  incorporation  and bylaws,  as well as
provisions of the Kentucky  Business  Corporation  Act, could have the effect of
deterring  takeovers or delaying or preventing  changes in control or management
of our company that our  shareholders  consider  favorable and could depress the
market value of our common stock. We have also implemented a shareholder  rights
plan which could make an unsolicited  takeover more  difficult,  even though the
potential  takeover  offer may provide our  shareholders  an opportunity to sell
their shares at a premium to prevailing market prices.



                                       9
<PAGE>
The market price for our Common Stock may be volatile.

In recent periods,  there has been volatility in the market price for our common
stock.  In  addition,  the market  price of our  common  stock  could  fluctuate
substantially  in the future in response to a number of factors,  including  the
following:

*    our quarterly operating results or the operating results of other companies
     in the steel  processing  industry;
*    changes in general conditions in the economy,  the financial markets or the
     steel processing industry;
*    changes in financial  estimates or recommendations by stock market analysts
     regarding us or our competitors;
*    announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions; and
*    increases in raw materials and other costs.

In addition,  in recent years the stock market has experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations.  This volatility has had a significant effect on the market
prices of securities  issued by many  companies  for reasons  unrelated to their
operating performance.  These broad market fluctuations may materially adversely
affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results.


ITEM 1B.          UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.


ITEM 2.           PROPERTIES

The Company's and  unconsolidated  affiliates'  principal  processing plants and
distribution facilities are as follows:


                                                                 Year Opened/
Plant Location                        Square Footage               Acquired
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Steel Technologies
Eminence, Kentucky                     233,700 sq.ft.               1971
Portage, Indiana                       242,000 sq.ft.               1987
Canton, Michigan                       230,000 sq.ft.               1991
Monterrey, Mexico                       80,000 sq.ft.               1994
Ghent, Kentucky                        230,000 sq.ft.               1995
Puebla, Mexico                          14,000 sq.ft.               1997
Clinton, North Carolina                110,000 sq.ft.               1997
Clinton, North Carolina                 35,000 sq.ft.               1998
Cleveland, Ohio                         77,000 sq.ft.               1998
Berkeley, South Carolina               172,000 sq.ft.               1999
Kennett, Missouri                       94,000 sq.ft.               2000
Matamoros, Mexico                       50,000 sq.ft.               2000
Ottawa, Ohio                           204,000 sq.ft.               2003
Queretaro, Mexico                       16,000 sq.ft.               2003
Mi-Tech Steel
Murfreesboro, Tennessee                236,000 sq.ft.               1987
Murfreesboro, Tennessee                 50,000 sq.ft.               1999
Greensburg, Indiana                    240,000 sq.ft.               1990
Decatur, Alabama                       160,000 sq.ft.               1997
Madison, Mississippi                   135,000 sq.ft.               2003
Ferrolux Metals
Wayne, Michigan                         80,000 sq.ft.               2001

Certain of our facilities  are leased.  Each of the Puebla  facility,  Queretaro
facility  and  35,000  square-foot  Clinton  facility  are  leased.  The  50,000
square-foot  Mi-Tech  Steel  facility in  Murfreesboro  and the Ferrolux  Metals

                                       10
<PAGE>
facility in Wayne are also leased.  All operating  properties are in good repair
and in suitable condition for the purposes for which they are used.

Our  executive  offices  are  located  in  Louisville,   Kentucky  in  a  30,000
square-foot  building  owned by us.  Our  administrative  services  offices  are
located in 14,371 square-foot space leased in Louisville, Kentucky.


ITEM 3.           LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are a party to certain  legal  actions  relating to  commercial  disputes and
other routine matters in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that
any liability which might result from any of these actions would have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition,  results of future operations or cash
flows. We maintain  liability  insurance against risks arising out of the normal
course of business.


ITEM 4.           SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The  following  table  lists  the  names,  positions  held  and  ages of all the
executive officers of the Company:

Name                 Age  Title
----                 ---  -----

Bradford T. Ray       47  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and
                          Director

Michael J. Carroll    48  President and Chief Operating Officer and Director

Joseph P. Bellino     55  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Brad A. Goranson      51  Senior Vice President-Sales

Howard F. Bates, Jr.  59  Vice President-Technical Services


Officers  are elected  annually by and serve at the  discretion  of the Board of
Directors.  Mr.  Bradford T. Ray and Mr.  Michael J.  Carroll are members of the
Company's Board of Directors and also serve as Directors of Mi-Tech Steel, Inc.

Mr.  Bradford T. Ray has served as Chairman of the Board since  January 2002 and
Chief Executive Officer since November 1999. He previously held the positions of
President and Chief Operating Officer from November 1994 until November 1999.

Mr. Michael J. Carroll has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since
November 1999. He previously  held the position of Executive Vice President from
January 1995 until November 1999.

Mr. Joseph P. Bellino has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the
Company since October 1997.

Mr. Brad A. Goranson has served as Senior Vice  President - Sales of the Company
since July 2000. He previously  served as Vice  President -  Manufacturing  from
August 1998 to July 2000 and Vice President - Sales,  Midwest Region from August
1991 to July 1998.

Mr. Howard F. Bates, Jr. has served as Vice  President-Technical  Services since
November 1981.




                                       11
<PAGE>
PART II

ITEM 5.           MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
                  MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The  information  required  for  Item 5 is  incorporated  by  reference  herein,
pursuant to General  Instruction  G(2), from the information  provided under the
section  entitled  "Market  Price and  Dividend  Information"  on page 11 of the
Company's annual report to shareholders for the year ended September 30, 2005.

ITEM 6.           SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The  information  required  for  Item 6 is  incorporated  by  reference  herein,
pursuant to General  Instruction  G(2), from the information  provided under the
section  entitled  "Selected  Financial Data" on page 10 of the Company's annual
report to shareholders for the year ended September 30, 2005.

ITEM 7.           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The  information  required  for  Item 7 is  incorporated  by  reference  herein,
pursuant to General  Instruction  G(2), from the information  provided under the
section entitled  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition
and Results of Operations" on pages 12 through 19 of the Company's annual report
to shareholders for the year ended September 30, 2005.

ITEM 7A.          QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The  information  required  for Item 7A is  incorporated  by  reference  herein,
pursuant to General  Instruction  G(2), from the information  provided under the
section entitled "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" on
page 36 of the  Company's  annual  report  to  shareholders  for the year  ended
September 30, 2005.

ITEM 8.           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The following  consolidated  financial statements of Steel Technologies Inc. and
Subsidiaries  on pages 20 through 33,  Management's  Report on Internal  Control
Over Financial Reporting on page 34 and Report of Independent  Registered Public
Accounting Firm on page 35 which are included in the Company's  annual report to
shareholders  for the year ended  September 30, 2005, and the sections  entitled
"Selected Quarterly Financial Data" and "Market Price and Dividend  Information"
on page 11 thereof are incorporated herein by reference.

     Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2005 and 2004
     Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended September 30, 2005,
        2004 and 2003
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years ended
        September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003
     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - Years ended
        September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended September 30,
        2005, 2004 and 2003
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
     Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

ITEM 9.           CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
                  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

                                       12
<PAGE>

ITEM 9A.          CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Management,  including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,
evaluated  the  effectiveness  of the design  and  operation  of our  disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the fourth fiscal quarter of the period
covered by this  Annual  Report on Form 10-K.  Based upon that  evaluation,  our
Chief  Executive   Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that  the
disclosure  controls  and  procedures  are  effective  to ensure  that  material
information  required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 is  made  known  to us by  others  within  our
company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, particularly during the period
for which reports of our company, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are
being prepared and to permit the Company to report that  information  within the
time period specified to the Securities and Exchange Commission.

There were no changes in our internal  control  over  financial  reporting  that
occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected,  or are
reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  our internal  control over  financial
reporting.

The other  information  required by Item 9A is incorporated by reference herein,
pursuant to General  Instruction G(2), from the sections entitled  "Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial  Reporting" and "Report of Independent
Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm" on pages 34 and 35 of the Company's annual
report to shareholders for the year ended September 30, 2005.


ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10.          DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Pursuant to General  Instruction  G(3), the  information  required by Item 10 is
incorporated by reference  herein from the material under the sections  entitled
"Election  of  Directors"  contained  on pages 3 through 8,  "Committees  of the
Board" on page 7 and "Election of Directors  Section 16(a) Beneficial  Ownership
Reporting  Compliance" on page 8 in the Company's  definitive proxy statement to
be filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  relating to the annual
meeting of  shareholders  of Steel  Technologies  Inc. to be held on January 26,
2006.  The  information  regarding  Executive  Officers  required by Item 401 of
Regulation  S-K is  included  in  Part  I  hereof  under  the  section  entitled
"Executive Officers of the Registrant."

In November 2003, the Company  adopted a Code of Ethics for the Chief  Executive
Officer, Financial Executives, and Financial Professionals.  This Code of Ethics
contains  specific  principles  to which  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief
Financial Officer,  Corporate Controller and Tax Manager are expected to adhere.
The full text of the Code of Ethics for Financial  Executives is incorporated by
reference as Exhibit 14 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                       13
<PAGE>


ITEM 11.          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Pursuant to General  Instruction  G(3), the  information  required by Item 11 is
incorporated by reference  herein from the material under the sections  entitled
"Election of Directors - Independence and  Compensation of Directors"  contained
on page 8 and  "Executive  Compensation"  contained on pages 9 through 11 in the
Company's  definitive  proxy  statement  to be  filed  with the  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission relating to the Company's annual meeting of shareholders to
be held on January 26, 2006.

Information appearing in the sections entitled "Compensation Committee Report on
Executive Compensation" contained on pages 12 through 14 and "Performance Graph"
contained on page 17 in the  Company's  definitive  proxy  statement to be filed
with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission  relating to the Company's  annual
meeting of shareholders to be held on January 26, 2006 shall not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference in this report,  notwithstanding any general statement
contained herein incorporating portions of such proxy statement by reference.

ITEM 12.          SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
                  AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Pursuant to General  Instruction  G(3), the  information  required by Item 12 is
incorporated by reference  herein from the material under the sections  entitled
"Voting  Securities"  contained on pages 2 through 3 and "Election of Directors"
contained on pages 3 through 8 in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be
filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  relating to the  Company's
annual meeting of shareholders to be held on January 26, 2006.

                                       14
<PAGE>


ITEM 13.          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Pursuant to General  Instruction  G(3), the  information  required by Item 13 is
incorporated by reference  herein from the material under the sections  entitled
"Certain  Transactions"  contained  on  page  11  and  "Election  of  Directors"
contained on pages 3 through 8 in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be
filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  relating to the  Company's
annual meeting of shareholders to be held on January 26, 2006.


ITEM 14.          PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Pursuant to General  Instruction  G(3), the  information  required by Item 14 is
incorporated by reference herein from the material  relating to fees paid to the
Company's principal accountant and the audit committee's  pre-approval  policies
for services  provided by the principal  accountant  under the section  entitled
"Audit  Committee  Report"  contained  on page 16 and  "Election  of  Directors"
contained on pages 3 through 8 in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be
filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  relating to the  Company's
annual meeting of shareholders to be held on January 26, 2006.


PART IV

ITEM 15.          EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)  (1) The  response  to this  portion of Item 15 is  submitted  as a separate
         section of this report--See List of Financial Statements under Item 8.

(a)  (2) The  following  consolidated  financial  statement  schedule  of  Steel
         Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries is included in a separate
         section of this report, following the index to exhibits on page E-1:

         Valuation  and  Qualifying  Accounts  - Schedule  II
         Report of  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

         All  other  schedules  for  which  provision  is  made  in  the
         applicable accounting  regulations of the  Securities and Exchange
         Commission are not required under the related instructions or are
         inapplicable,  and therefore have been omitted.

(a)  (3) Listing of Exhibits--See Index to Exhibits contained herein on page E-1
         of  this  report.  The  index  to  exhibits  specifically  identifies
         each management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as
         an Exhibit to this Form 10-K.

(b)      Exhibits filed with this report are attached hereto.

                                       15
<PAGE>


                                    Page E-1
                    STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS
        ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2005


Ref. #      Exhibit #      Description
------      ---------      -----------
 (a)          3.1          Second Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
                           Registrant
 (a)          3.2          Second Amended By-Laws of the Registrant
 (b)          4            Rights Agreement dated as of April 24, 1998, between
                           Steel Technologies Inc. and National City Bank, as
                           Successor Rights Agent
 (c)         10.1(a)       Credit  Agreement  dated as of  September  2, 2004,
                           by and between the  Registrant  and PNC Bank,
                           National Association,  SunTrust Bank,  Bank One, NA
                           an Affiliate of JPMorgan  Chase & Company,
                           National City Bank of Kentucky,  U.S. Bank National
                           Association and Fifth Third Bank
 (d)         10.1(b)       Second  Amendment to Credit  Agreement  dated as of
                           October 11, 2005 by and between the  Registrant
                           and PNC Bank, National Association,  SunTrust Bank,
                           Bank One, NA an Affiliate of JPMorgan Chase &
                           Company,  National City Bank of Kentucky,  U.S. Bank
                           National  Association and Fifth Third Bank
 (e)         10.2          Note Agreement  dated as of October 21, 2004 between
                           the Registrant and The Guardian Life Insurance
                           Company of America,  The Prudential  Insurance
                           Company of America,  Baystate  Investments,  LLC,
                           Physicians Mutual Insurance  Company,  Nationwide
                           Life Insurance  Company,  Nationwide  Life Insurance
                           Company of America and Nationwide Life & Annuity
                           Insurance Company
 (f)         10.4(a)       Registrant's 1995 Stock Option Plan *
 (a)         10.4(b)       Registrant's 2000 Stock Option Plan *
 (g)         10.5          Restated Cash Bonus Plan of Steel Technologies Inc.*
 (g)         10.6          Steel Technologies Inc. Nonqualified Deferred
                           Compensation Plan*
 (h)         10.7          Employment  Agreement between  Registrant and
                           President and Chief Operating Officer effective as
                           of November 19, 2004*
 (i)         10.8          Agreement  dated March 30, 1987  between  Mitsui &
                           Co.,  LTD.,  Mitsui & Co.  (U.S.A.),  Inc.,
                           Mitsui Steel Development Co., Inc. and the
                           Registrant
 (i)         10.9          Amendment #1, dated  February 28, 1989 to the
                           Agreement  dated March 30, 1987 between  Mitsui &
                           Co.,  LTD., Mitsui & Co. (U.S.A.), Inc., Mitsui
                           Steel Development Co., Inc. and the Registrant
             10.10         Form of Indemnification Agreement between the
                           Registrant and its Directors *
 (a)         10.11(a)      Steel Technologies Inc. Restated Retirement
                           Savings Plan
 (a)         10.11(b)      Amendment No. 1 to the Steel Technologies Inc.
                           Retirement Savings Plan
 (j)         10.12         Second Steel Technologies Inc. Nonemployee Directors
                           Stock Plan *
 (k)         10.13         Redemption and Noncompetition Agreement *
             13            2005 Annual Report to Shareholders,  filed herewith.
                           The annual report shall not be deemed to be filed
                           with the Commission except to the extent that
                           information is specifically incorporated by
                           reference herein
 (i)         14            Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer,
                           Financial Executives and Financial Professionals
             21            Subsidiaries of the Registrant
             23            Consent of Independent Registered Public
                           Accounting Firm
             31.1          Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
                           to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
             31.2          Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
                           to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
             32.1          Certification of Chief Executive  Officer Pursuant
                           to Title 18, United States Code,  Section 1350 as
                           adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
                           Act of 2002
             32.2          Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
                           to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350 as
                           adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
                           Act of 2002

                                       16
<PAGE>

                              Page E-1 (continued)
                    STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS
        ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2005


Alphabetic filed exhibit reference:

(a)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (file #0-14061) for the
             fiscal year ended September 30, 2000.
(b)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (file #0-14061) filed
             April 27, 1998.
(c)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Form 8-K (file #0-14061) filed September 8, 2004.
(d)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Form 8-K (file #0-14061) filed October 12, 2005.
(e)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Form 8-K (file #0-14061) filed October 26, 2004.
(f)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file #0-14061) for
             the quarter ended March 31, 1995.
(g)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (file #0-14061) for the
             fiscal year ended September 30, 2004.
(h)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Form 8-K (file #0-14061) filed November 24, 2004.
(i)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (file #0-14061) for the
             fiscal year ended September 30, 2003.
(j)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Form 8-K (file #0-14061) filed January 27, 2005.
(k)          Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits filed with the
             Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file #0-14061) for
             the quarter ended December 31, 2001.




*        Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement

                                       17
<PAGE>

                             STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                                   SCHEDULE II
                        VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS



                                           Additions
                               Balance at  Charged to     Charged to  Balance at
                               Beginning   Costs and         Other      End of
Description                    of Period    Expenses      Deductions    Period
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Year Ended September 30, 2005:
Allowance for doubtful
accounts                       $3,318,442  $1,093,980  $(490,762)(A)  $4,903,184

Year Ended September 30, 2004:
Allowance for doubtful
accounts                       $1,807,947  $1,709,786  $  199,291(A)  $3,318,442

Year Ended September 30, 2003:
Allowance for doubtful
accounts                       $1,496,247  $1,273,994  $  962,294(A)  $1,807,947


(A) Uncollectible accounts charged off, less recoveries.



             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
                         ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Steel Technologies Inc.:

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements,  of management's assessment
of the  effectiveness  of internal  control over financial  reporting and of the
effectiveness  of internal control over financial  reporting  referred to in our
report  dated   December  9,  2005  appearing  in  the  2005  Annual  Report  to
Shareholders  of Steel  Technologies  Inc. and its  subsidiaries  (which report,
consolidated  financial  statements and assessment are incorporated by reference
in this  Annual  Report on Form 10-K) also  included  an audit of the  financial
statement  schedule  listed in Item  15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our opinion,
this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the
information  set  forth  therein  when  read in  conjunction  with  the  related
consolidated financial statements.




/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Louisville, Kentucky
December 9, 2005




                                       18
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934 the  registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                    STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.

Date:    December 9, 2005          By:/s/Joseph P. Bellino
                                    -----------------------
                                    Joseph P. Bellino
                                    Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
                                    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature                 Date      Title
---------                 ----      -----
/s/ Bradford T. Ray      12/9/05  Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors
--------------------              and Chief Executive Officer (Principal
 Bradford T. Ray                  Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
                                  Officer)

/s/ Michael J. Carroll   12/9/05  Director, President and Chief
----------------------             Operating Officer
Michael J. Carroll

/s/ Joseph P. Bellino    12/9/05  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
---------------------              (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
Joseph P. Bellino

/s/ Merwin J. Ray        12/9/05  Founding Chairman and Director
-----------------
Merwin J. Ray

/s/ Stuart N. Ray        12/9/05  Director and Vice President,
-----------------
Stuart N. Ray

/s/ Doug A. Bawel        12/9/05  Director
-----------------
Doug A. Bawel

/s/ Jimmy Dan Conner     12/9/05  Director
--------------------
Jimmy Dan Conner

/s/ Mark G. Essig        12/9/05  Director
-----------------
Mark G. Essig

/s/ William E. Hellmann  12/9/05  Director
-----------------------
William E. Hellmann

/s/ Andrew J. Payton     12/9/05  Director
--------------------
Andrew J. Payton


                                       19
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.10



                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
                            -------------------------

     This  Agreement is made this ____ day of  _______________,  ______,  by and
between STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC., a Kentucky corporation (the "Company"), and the
undersigned individual (the "Director").

WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS,  the Director is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
and in such capacity is performing a valuable service for the Company; and

     WHEREAS,  Article  VI of the  Second  Amended  ByLaws of the  Company  (the
"Article")  authorizes the Company to indemnify  directors of the Company to the
maximum extent permitted by Kentucky law; and

     WHEREAS,  the Article  authorizes  the Company to enter into contracts with
members  of its Board of  Directors  with  respect  to  indemnification  of such
directors; and

     WHEREAS,  to induce the  Director  to  continue to serve as a member of the
Board of  Directors  of the Company,  the Company has  determined  and agreed to
enter into this Agreement with the Director;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Director's agreement to continue to
serve as a  Director  after  the date of this  Agreement,  the  Company  and the
Director agree as follows:

     1.  Indemnity  of  Director.  To the fullest  extent  permitted by law, and
subject only to the exclusions set forth in Sections 2 and 11 of this Agreement,
the Company  hereby  agrees to hold harmless and indemnify the Director from and
against any and all reasonable  costs and expenses  (including,  but not limited
to, judgments, fines, penalties and reasonable settlements) paid by or on behalf
of, or imposed against, the Director in connection with any threatened,  pending
or  completed  claim,  action,  suit or  proceeding,  whether  civil,  criminal,
administrative,  investigative or other (including any appeal relating thereto),
whether  formal or  informal,  and whether made or brought by or in the right of
the Company or otherwise, in which the Director is, was or at any time becomes a
party or witness,  or is threatened to be made a party or witness, or otherwise,
by  reason  of the fact  that the  Director  is,  was or at any time  becomes  a
director,  officer,  employee  or  agent of the  Company  or,  at the  Company's
request, a director,  officer,  partner,  trustee,  employee or agent of another
corporation,  partnership,  joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise.

                                       1

<PAGE>



     2.  Limitations  on Indemnity.  No indemnity  pursuant to Section 1 of this
Agreement shall be paid by the Company:

          (a) if a court of competent  jurisdiction renders a final adjudication
     on the merits, in an action, suit, or proceeding in which the Director is a
     party, that such indemnification is prohibited by law; or

          (b) in connection with any  transaction  with respect to which a court
     of competent jurisdiction renders a final adjudication on the merits, in an
     action,  suit or proceeding in which the Director is a party,  (i) that the
     Director's  personal  financial interest was in conflict with the financial
     interests  of the Company or its  shareholders,  or (ii) that the  Director
     derived an improper personal benefit; or

          (c) on account of acts or  omissions  of the  Director to the extent a
     court of competent jurisdiction renders a final adjudication on the merits,
     in an action,  suit or  proceeding  in which the Director is a party,  that
     such  acts or  omissions  (i)  were  not in good  faith,  or (ii)  involved
     intentional  misconduct,  or  (iii)  were  known  to the  Director  to be a
     violation of law; or

          (d) in respect of any  liability  to the  Company to the extent that a
     court of competent jurisdiction renders a final adjudication on the merits,
     in an action,  suit or  proceeding  in which the Director is a party,  that
     such  liability to the Company  arises  under any federal or state  statute
     providing for personal  liability  directly to the Company by reason of the
     fact that the Director is or was a director of the Company,  including,  by
     way of example and not  limitation,  liability  under Section 16 (b) of the
     Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"); or

          (e) to the extent and only to the extent  that a majority of the Board
     of  Directors of the Company or a duly  designated  committee  thereof,  in
     either  case  consisting  entirely  of  directors  who are not at the  time
     parties to the claim,  action,  suit or  proceeding  against the  Director,
     determines  that the  amount  of  expenses  and/or  settlements  for  which
     indemnification is sought is unreasonable; or

          (f) in connection with any claim,  action,  suit or proceeding if such
     claim,  action,  suit or proceeding was initiated by the Director or his or
     her  personal  or  legal   representative,   or  involved   the   voluntary
     solicitation  or  intervention  by the  Director or his or her  personal or
     legal  representative  (other  than an  action to  enforce  indemnification
     rights or an action  initiated with the approval of a majority of the Board
     of Directors).

     3. Continuation of Indemnity. All agreements and obligations of the Company
contained in this Agreement shall continue during the period the Director serves
in any capacity entitling the Director to  indemnification  under this Agreement
and shall  continue  thereafter so long as the Director  shall be subject to any
possible claim or threatened,  pending or completed action,  suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal,

                                       2

<PAGE>

administrative,  or  investigative  or  other  (including  any  appeal  relating
thereto),  whether formal or informal,  arising as a result of acts or omissions
occurring during the period the Director served as a director of the Company.

     4.   Notification  of  Claim.   It  shall  be  a  condition   precedent  to
indemnification  under this Agreement that,  within twenty days after receipt by
the Director of actual  notice that the Director is or will be a party,  witness
or otherwise  involved in any threatened or pending  action,  suit or proceeding
described in Section 1 of this  Agreement,  the Director shall have notified the
Company in writing of the assertion or commencement thereof; but the omission to
so notify the Company will not relieve it from any  liability  which it may have
to the Director otherwise than under this Agreement.

     5.  Advancement of Costs and Expenses.  The costs and expenses  (including,
but not limited to,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees)  incurred by the  Director in
investigating,   defending,   being  a  witness  in,   appealing   or  otherwise
participating  in any  threatened or pending claim or any  threatened or pending
action,  suit or proceeding  described in Section 1 of this Agreement  shall, at
the written request of the Director,  be paid by the Company in advance of final
judgment or settlement with the understanding,  undertaking and agreement hereby
made and entered into by the Director and the Company,  that the Director shall,
if it is  ultimately  determined  in  accordance  with  Section 2 or pursuant to
Section  11  of  this  Agreement  that  the  Director  is  not  entitled  to  be
indemnified,  or was not entitled to be fully indemnified,  repay to the Company
such amount,  or the  appropriate  portion  thereof,  so paid or advanced.  Such
advancements shall be made within ten business days of written request therefore
by the Director.

     6. Enforcement.  If a claim for payment under this Agreement is not paid in
full by the Company within ninety days after a written demand has been delivered
by the  Director  to the  Company,  or within  thirty  days after  delivery of a
written  demand  by  the  Director  to  the  Company  based  upon  a  final  and
unappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction,  the Director may at
any time thereafter  bring suit against the Company to recover the unpaid amount
of the claim,  and if successful in whole or in part, the Director shall also be
entitled  to be paid all costs and  expenses  (including,  but not  limited  to,
attorneys' fees) incurred by the Director to enforce this Agreement. In any suit
brought by the Director to enforce this Agreement,  the burden of proof shall be
on the Company to  establish  that the  Director  is not  entitled to the relief
sought under this Agreement.

     7.  Contribution.  If the full  indemnity  provided  in  Section  1 of this
Agreement may not be paid to the Director  because of any exclusion in Section 2
of this Agreement,  then in respect of any actual or threatened  claim,  action,
suit or proceeding in which the Company is jointly  liable with the Director (or
would be if joined in such claim) the Company shall  contribute to the amount of
expense and  liabilities  incurred  by the  Director  in such  proportion  as is
appropriate to reflect (i) the relative  benefits received by the Company on the
one hand and the  Director  on the other  hand from the acts or  omissions  from
which such claim,  action, suit or proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault
of the Company, including its other directors,  officers, agents, employees, and
other

                                       3

<PAGE>


representatives,  on the one  hand  and of the  Director  on the  other  hand in
connection with the acts or omissions which resulted in such claim, action, suit
or  proceeding,  as well as any other  relevant  equitable  considerations.  The
relative fault of the Company, including its other directors,  officers, agents,
employees and other representatives,  on the one hand and of the Director on the
other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties'
relative intent, knowledge,  access to information and opportunity to correct or
prevent the circumstances  resulting in such claim,  action, suit or proceeding.
The  Company  agrees  that it would not be just and  equitable  if  contribution
pursuant to this  Section7 were  determined by pro rata  allocation or any other
method of allocation  which does not take into account the  foregoing  equitable
considerations.

     8. Partial  Indemnity.  If the Director is entitled  under any provision of
this  Agreement to  indemnification  by the Company for some or a portion of the
costs, expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement, but
not for the total amount thereof,  the Company shall nevertheless  indemnify the
Director for the portion thereof to which the Director is entitled.

     9.  Non-exclusivity.  The rights of the Director under this Agreement shall
be in  addition  to any other  rights  the  Director  may have  under the Second
Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  or Second  Amended  ByLaws of the Company,
agreement,  vote of shareholders or disinterested  directors, as a matter of law
or otherwise.

     10.  Subrogation.  In the event of any payment  under this  Agreement,  the
Company  shall be  subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of the Director,  who shall execute all papers required and shall do
everything that may be necessary to secure such rights,  including the execution
of such documents as may be necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring
suit to enforce such rights.

     11. No Duplication of Payments.  The Company shall not be liable under this
Agreement to make any payment to the extent the Director has otherwise  actually
received payment (under any insurance policy, ByLaw or otherwise) of the amounts
otherwise  payable by the Company under this  Agreement.  The Director shall use
his or her best efforts to collect from all third parties any amounts  otherwise
payable by the Company under this Agreement.  If the Director is entitled to but
has not  received  payment  from a third party  (under any  insurance  policy or
otherwise) of amounts otherwise payable by the Company under this Agreement, the
Company shall nevertheless pay the Director such amounts with the understanding,
undertaking  and agreement  hereby made and entered into by the Director and the
Company that the  Director  will repay to the Company such amounts to the extent
they are ultimately paid to the Director by such third party.

     12. Binding  Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit  of and be  enforceable  by the  parties  hereto  and  their  respective
successors and assigns,  including any direct or indirect successor by purchase,
merger,  consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially  all of the business
and/or  assets of the Company,  heirs and  personal  and legal  representatives;
provided,  however,  that this Agreement is

                                       4

<PAGE>


personal  to the  Director  and  may not be  transferred  or  encumbered  by the
Director in any way.

     13.  Severability.  The provisions of this Agreement  shall be severable in
the event that any of the provisions  hereof  (including any provision  within a
single  section,  paragraph  or  sentence)  are  held  by a court  of  competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise  unenforceable,  and the remaining
provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

     14. Governing Law: Amendment.

          (a) This  Agreement  shall be  interpreted  and enforced in accordance
     with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.

          (b) No amendment,  modification,  termination or  cancellation of this
     Agreement  shall be  effective  unless in  writing  signed by both  parties
     hereto.

     15. Notices. Any notice to the Company or the Director under this Agreement
shall be in  writing  and shall be  delivered  personally  or sent by  overnight
courier service or certified mail addressed as follows:

                  If to the Company:        Steel Technologies Inc.
                                            15415 Shelbyville Road
                                            Louisville, Kentucky 40245
                                            Attn: Secretary

                  If to the Director:       the address listed below

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
     and as of the day and year first above written.


STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.             DIRECTOR

By
  --------------------------------         --------------------------------

Title                               Print name:
  --------------------------------         --------------------------------

                                     Address:
                                           --------------------------------

                                           --------------------------------


                                       5


<PAGE>




                                    EXHIBIT 13
                       2005 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

Steel Technologies Inc.
Selected Financial Data
(In thousands, except per share results)
<TABLE>

                                             Years Ended September 30
                                             ------------------------
Income Statement Data                 2005    2004     2003     2002    2001
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>
Sales                            $1,001,791 $786,852 $512,704 $475,398 $436,655
Cost of goods sold                  909,972  695,684  467,780  415,763  388,363
Gross profit                         91,819   91,168   44,924   59,635   48,292
Selling, general and
   administrative expenses           37,267   34,347   28,153   29,664   29,382
Equity in net income (loss) of
   unconsolidated affiliates(1)       4,937    2,852    1,058    1,540   (6,832)
Operating income (2)                 59,489   59,673   17,829   31,511   12,078
Income before income taxes           54,807   55,612   13,292   25,465    5,497
Net income                           36,313   35,206    9,152   15,794      764
Diluted earnings per common share $    2.77 $   3.05 $   0.92 $   1.60 $   0.07
Diluted weighted average number
   of common shares outstanding      13,098   11,533    9,899    9,886   10,308
Basic earnings per common share   $    2.82 $   3.12 $   0.94 $   1.62 $   0.07
Basic weighted average number of
   common shares outstanding         12,894   11,284    9,748    9,762   10,267
Cash dividends per common share   $    0.25 $   0.20 $   0.20 $   0.16 $   0.12
</TABLE>
<TABLE>

                                                    September 30
                                   --------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data                    2005    2004    2003     2002    2001
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Working capital                    $197,906 $195,580 $102,850 $ 82,557 $ 80,401
Total assets                        428,939  462,560  313,175  305,211  288,210
Long-term debt                       80,000  114,000   94,680   74,900   89,110
Shareholders' equity                254,759  218,249  137,941  131,730  124,985
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

                                             Years Ended September 30
                                             ------------------------
Other Data                            2005    2004    2003     2002    2001
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>
Capital expenditures, including
   acquisitions and investments in
   and advances to unconsolidated
   affiliates                      $17,343  $17,255 $ 26,462  $ 7,128  $ 11,033
Shareholders' equity per common
   share                             19.71    17.05    14.13    13.63     12.23
Depreciation and amortization       15,306   14,889   13,878   15,108    15,351

</TABLE>

(1) 2001 includes $7,500 impairment charge
(2) 2002 and 2001 includes  goodwill  amortization of $733 and $731,
 respectively

                                       1
<PAGE>


Steel Technologies Inc.
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
(In thousands, except per share results)

<TABLE>
                                  --------------------------------------
Fiscal Year 2005                   First     Second     Third    Fourth
------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Sales                             $254,016  $286,958  $256,432  $204,385
Gross profit                        32,446    31,690    18,832     8,851
Net income                          14,517    15,354     5,671       771
Diluted earnings per common share $   1.11  $   1.17  $   0.43  $   0.06
Basic earnings per common share   $   1.13  $   1.19  $   0.44  $   0.06

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                  --------------------------------------
Fiscal Year 2004                   First     Second     Third    Fourth
------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Sales                             $130,789  $184,842  $232,041  $239,180
Gross profit                        10,777    19,576    26,409    34,406
Net income                           2,398     6,902    10,537    15,369
Diluted earnings per common share $   0.24  $   0.68  $   0.81  $   1.18
Basic earnings per common share   $   0.25  $   0.70  $   0.83  $   1.20

</TABLE>

Market Price and Dividend Information:

The  Company's  common  stock trades on The NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol
STTX. At December 2, 2005,  the Company had  approximately  3,500  shareholders,
including  beneficial  owners  holding  shares in  nominee or street  name.  The
Company's  current  dividend  policy  provides for  semiannual  payments of cash
dividends.  The following  table shows cash  dividends and high, low and closing
prices for the common  stock for each  quarter of fiscal  2005 and 2004.  NASDAQ
National Market System quotations are based on actual transactions.


<TABLE>

                                           Stock Price
                                   ---------------------------
Fiscal Year 2005                   High         Low      Close      Dividends
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
First Quarter                     $30.58     $22.27     $27.51       $ 0.10
Second Quarter                    $33.56     $23.26     $23.99
Third Quarter                     $24.38     $16.49     $16.90       $ 0.15
Fourth Quarter                    $26.83     $16.75     $25.93
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

                                           Stock Price
                                   ---------------------------
Fiscal Year 2004                   High         Low      Close      Dividends
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
First Quarter                     $19.44     $12.20     $17.69       $ 0.10
Second Quarter                    $20.93     $15.51     $19.32
Third Quarter                     $24.80     $18.85     $22.08       $ 0.10
Fourth Quarter                    $26.61     $19.38     $25.62
</TABLE>

                                       2
<PAGE>
   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
                                   OPERATIONS

When  used  in  the  following  discussion,   the  words  "expects,"  "intends,"
"anticipates," "believes" and other similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking  statements,   which  are  made  pursuant  to  the  safe  harbor
provisions  of the  Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act of  1995.  Such
forward-looking  statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties  that
could cause actual results to differ  materially from those projected.  Specific
risks and uncertainties  include,  but are not limited to,  competitive  factors
such as  pricing  and  availability  of  steel;  cyclical  demand  in the  steel
industry,  specifically  in the  automotive  market;  our  ability  to make  and
integrate acquisitions;  our inability to obtain sufficient capital resources to
fund our operations  and our growth;  risk of business  interruptions  affecting
automotive manufacturers;  and reliance on key customers.  Readers are cautioned
not to place undue  reliance on these  forward-looking  statements,  which speak
only as of the date  hereof.  We undertake no  obligation  to republish  revised
forward-looking  statements to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or
circumstances  after the date  hereof.  Unless the context  otherwise  requires,
references to "we," "us" or "our" refer  collectively to Steel Technologies Inc.
and its subsidiaries.

Application of Critical Accounting Policies
-------------------------------------------

Our  consolidated  financial  statements  have been prepared in accordance  with
generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  The preparation of these financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements.  Actual results could
differ from these  estimates under  different  assumptions or conditions.  On an
ongoing basis, we monitor and evaluate our estimates and assumptions.

A summary of  significant  accounting  policies used in the  preparation  of the
consolidated  financial  statements  is  described  in  Note 1 of the  Notes  to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our  most  critical  accounting  policies  include  the  valuation  of  accounts
receivable,  which impacts selling,  general and administrative expense, and the
assessment  of  recoverability  of goodwill and  long-lived  assets.  Management
reviews the estimates, including, but not limited to, the allowance for doubtful
accounts  on  a  regular  basis  and  makes   adjustments  based  on  historical
experiences,  current  conditions  and  future  expectations.  The  reviews  are
performed  regularly and adjustments are made as required by currently available
information. We believe these estimates are reasonable, but actual results could
differ from these estimates.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable
------------------------------------------

Our accounts  receivable  represent  those  amounts that have been billed to our
customers  but  not  yet  collected.  An  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  is
maintained for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to
make  required  payments.  The  allowance is  maintained  at a level  considered
appropriate  based on historical  and other factors that affect  collectibility.
The factors  include  historical  trends of  write-offs,  sales,  recoveries and
credit  losses,  the  monitoring of portfolio  credit  quality,  and current and
projected  economic and market  conditions.  If the  financial  condition of our
customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of the ability to make
payments  beyond  previously  established  terms,  additional  allowances may be
required.   Uncollectible  accounts  receivable  are  written  off  against  the
allowance for doubtful accounts  receivable when management  determines that the
probability of payment is remote and collections efforts have ceased.

Long-Lived Assets
-----------------

Long-lived  assets with estimated useful lives are depreciated to their residual
values over those useful lives in proportion to the economic value consumed.  We
review the  carrying  value of our  long-lived  assets for  impairment  whenever
changes in events and  circumstances  indicate  that the carrying  amount of the
assets may not be  recoverable.  If an evaluation  were required,  the estimated
future undiscounted cash flows associated with an asset would be compared to the

                                       3
<PAGE>

asset's  carrying  value  to  determine  if a  write-down  to  market  value  or
undiscounted cash flows value is required. Future changes in circumstances, cash
flow estimates and estimates of fair value could affect the valuations.

Goodwill is reviewed annually,  or sooner if indicators of impairment exist, for
impairment  using the present value  technique to determine  the estimated  fair
value of goodwill  associated  with each  reporting  entity.  If the goodwill is
indicated as being impaired (the present value of cash flows (fair value) of the
reporting  unit is less  than  the  carrying  amount),  the  fair  value  of the
reporting unit would then be allocated to our assets and liabilities in a manner
similar to the purchase price  allocation in order to determine the implied fair
value of the reporting unit  goodwill.  This implied fair value of the reporting
unit goodwill  would then be compared with the carrying  amount of the reporting
unit goodwill and, if it were less, we would then recognize an impairment loss.

Considerable  management judgment is necessary to assess impairment and estimate
fair value.  The  projection  of future cash flows for the  goodwill  impairment
analysis  requires  significant  judgment and  estimates  with respect to future
revenues  related to the assets and the  future  cash  outlays  related to those
revenues.  Actual  revenues  and  related  cash flows or changes in  anticipated
revenues and related cash flows could  result in changes in the  assessment  and
result in an impairment charge. The assumptions used in our evaluations, such as
forecasted  growth  rates,  cost of capital,  tax rates and residual  values are
consistent  with  our  internal  projections  and  operating  plans.  The use of
different  assumptions,  including cash flows and discount rates, could increase
or decrease the related impairment charge.

Overview
--------

We are one of the largest  independent  flat-rolled  steel  processors  in North
America.   Our  North  American   platform  of  20  facilities,   including  our
unconsolidated  affiliates,  is strategically  positioned in the steel producing
and consuming markets throughout the United States and Mexico. We bring value to
our  customers  through  precision  steel  processing  as well as  supply  chain
management,  quality control and technical support. We utilize the most advanced
equipment to produce high-quality steel products and specialize in meeting exact
specifications  for  customers  in a variety of  industries  and end use markets
including  automotive,  lawn and garden,  appliance and railcar industries.  Our
broad geographic  coverage allows us to provide  precision steel products to our
customers with efficient just-in-time delivery.

We focus our sales and  marketing  strategies  to more fully  leverage our North
American platform of value added steel processing  facilities.  In recent years,
we have been  successful  in growing our volume across all  operations  and have
gained meaningful  market growth,  both with existing and new customers across a
wide range of end use markets.  Our broad  capabilities and geographic  presence
offer  distinct  competitive  advantages  to  customers  that  have  multi-plant
operations  throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. This has allowed us
to expand with regional and large national accounts.

Sales increased 27% to a record  $1,001,791,000 in fiscal 2005 from $786,852,000
in fiscal  2004.  Net  income  increased  to a record  $36,313,000  or $2.77 per
diluted  share in fiscal 2005 as compared  to  $35,206,000  or $3.05 per diluted
share in fiscal 2004, on approximately  14% more weighted average diluted shares
outstanding.  Tons sold of  company-owned  steel  products  in fiscal  2005 were
1,170,000, reflecting a decrease of 6% over the record levels of fiscal 2004. We
achieved  record sales and net income levels  despite  reduced demand and softer
market prices in the latter half of fiscal 2005.

Our gross  profit  margin was 9.2% in fiscal  2005  compared  to 11.6% in fiscal
2004.  During the latter half of fiscal  2005,  we began to  experience  slowing
demand and a declining  price  environment  resulting in a decrease in our gross
profit  margin.  During the fourth  quarter of fiscal 2005,  we shipped  254,000
tons, a decrease of 14% from the levels of our third  quarter of fiscal 2005 and
our average  selling  price during the fourth  fiscal  quarter of 2005  declined
approximately  8% from the third  quarter of fiscal 2005. To mitigate the impact
of declining  prices,  we aggressively  reduced our inventory  levels during the
latter half of fiscal 2005. We began to see  improvements in our shipment levels
and gross profit  margins late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005. We estimate
our  tons  sold  during  the  first   quarter  of  fiscal  2006  will   increase
approximately 5% as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005.

                                       4
<PAGE>


Our largest  unconsolidated  affiliate,  Mi-Tech Steel,  Inc.  (Mi-Tech  Steel),
continues to contribute to our overall  success.  Mi-Tech Steel  generated a 42%
increase  in sales and 29% growth in tons  shipped in fiscal  2005  compared  to
fiscal  2004  resulting  in an  increase  in net  income of 82% in  fiscal  2005
compared to fiscal 2004.  Mi-Tech Steel has  benefited  from market share growth
with  primarily  Japanese  transplant   automotive   companies  and  their  part
manufacturers  and is well  positioned  in the market for future growth with new
domestic automotive customers and other large national accounts.

As our working  capital  needs  declined  during this current  cycle of economic
contraction,  we generated a record of  approximately  $79,221,000 in cash flows
from  operations and reduced our  outstanding  borrowings by $34,000,000  during
fiscal  2005.  We  invested  approximately  $17,343,000  in capital  projects to
further expand capacity, lower conversion costs, improve our quality and service
to our  customers  and  improve  our  information  systems.  We  have  committed
$25,000,000  in  capital  projects  for  2006 to  expand  our  steel  processing
capabilities,  including  construction  of a new processing  facility in Juarez,
Mexico.


                              Financial Highlights
                              --------------------
        (in thousands except per share data, other data and percentages)
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
<table>
<caption>
                                     For the Years Ended September 30
                                   ------------------------------------
                                          2005              2004
                                   ---------------  -------------------
                                            % of               % of       %
(Unaudited)                        Actual   Sales    Actual    Sales    Change
--------------------------------- -------- -------  -------- --------- --------
<s>                              <c>       <c>      <c>       <c>         <c>
Sales                           $1,001,791  100.0%   $786,852  100.0%      27%
Gross profit                        91,819    9.2      91,168   11.6        1
Selling, general and
   administrative expenses          37,267    3.7      34,347    4.4        9
Equity in net income of
   unconsolidated affiliates         4,937    0.5       2,852    0.4       73
Operating income                    59,489    5.9      59,673    7.6        0
Interest expense, net                4,626    0.5       4,029    0.5       15
Net income                          36,313    3.7      35,206    4.5        3
Diluted earnings per common share    $2.77              $3.05              (9)
Cash dividends per common share      $0.25              $0.20              25


Other data
----------
Average days sales outstanding       40.3                56.5             (29)
Inventory turnover                    7.5                 3.9              92
Return on equity                     14.3%               16.1%            (11)
</table>

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - FISCAL 2005 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2004

Sales
-----

We achieved net sales of $1,001,791,000  for the fiscal year ended September 30,
2005,  an increase of 27% from sales of  $786,852,000  for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2004. Tons shipped of company-owned  steel products in fiscal 2005
decreased approximately 6% to 1,170,000 tons compared to record levels in fiscal
2004 as a result of weaker  demand  primarily  during the latter  half of fiscal
2005.  The average  selling  price of  company-owned  steel  products  increased
approximately 37% for fiscal 2005 as compared to the previous year.


                                       5

<PAGE>

Gross profit
------------

In fiscal  2005 our gross  profit  margin was 9.2%  compared to 11.6% for fiscal
2004.  During the latter half of fiscal  2005,  we began to  experience  slowing
demand and  declining  price  environment  resulting  in a decrease in our gross
profit  margin.  Cost of goods sold  increased  30.8% in fiscal 2005 compared to
fiscal 2004.  Cost of materials  sold  increased  $211,293,000  primarily due to
increased raw material  costs.  The remaining  increase in cost of goods sold of
$2,995,000  was primarily a result of increased  labor costs and related  fringe
benefits  and  increased  delivery  costs  primarily in the first half of fiscal
2005.

Selling, general and administrative expenses
--------------------------------------------

Selling,  general  and  administrative  costs for fiscal  2005 were  $37,267,000
compared to $34,347,000 for fiscal 2004, an increase of $2,920,000. The increase
is primarily  attributable to increases in  professional  services of $1,355,000
principally   to  comply   with   Sarbanes-Oxley   legislation,   increases   in
administrative  wages of $637,000  primarily  from  increases  in  personnel  to
support our growth,  an increase in depreciation  expense of $381,000  primarily
related to investments in our information systems, an increase in training costs
of  $259,000  and an increase of  $164,000  in  remaining  selling,  general and
administrative  expenses. In addition,  more normalized payroll and property tax
expenses in fiscal 2005 contributed to an increase of approximately $740,000 due
primarily to  non-recurring  expense  reductions in 2004 for a state payroll tax
incentive  and a  state  property  tax  benefit.  These  increases  were  offset
primarily by a decrease in bad debt expense of $616,000 attributable to bad debt
recoveries during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005.

Selling,  general and  administrative  costs were 3.7% and 4.4% of sales in 2005
and 2004  respectively.  We  continue  to  actively  manage  the  level at which
selling, general and administrative expenses are added to our cost structure.

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates
-------------------------------------------------

Our share of the income of our unconsolidated affiliates increased to $4,937,000
for fiscal 2005 compared to $2,852,000 for fiscal 2004.  Mi-Tech Steel generated
a 42% increase in sales and 29% growth in tons  shipped in fiscal 2005  compared
to fiscal  2004  resulting  in an  increase  in net income of 82% in fiscal 2005
compared to fiscal 2004.  Mi-Tech Steel has  benefited  from market share growth
with  primarily  Japanese  transplant   automotive   companies  and  their  part
manufacturers  and is well  positioned  in the market for future growth with new
domestic automotive customers and other large national accounts.

Interest expense
----------------

Net interest expense for fiscal 2005 increased to $4,626,000 from $4,029,000 for
fiscal 2004. The increase is primarily  attributable to higher interest rates on
both  variable and fixed rate debt during fiscal 2005 as compared to fiscal 2004
partially offset by a reduction in outstanding debt of $34,000,000 during fiscal
2005  including  $20,000,000  paid in  September  2005  and a  $269,000  expense
included in fiscal 2004 related to the early retirement of our private placement
note in June 2004.


                                       6
<PAGE>


Income tax expense
------------------

For  fiscal  2005 and 2004 our  effective  income  tax rate was 33.7% and 36.7%,
respectively.  During the second  quarter of fiscal 2005,  we recorded an income
tax benefit of  approximately  $830,000 to reflect changes in tax laws effective
January 1, 2005 for our Mexican  operations,  which resulted in a 1.5% reduction
in our  effective  income tax rate during  fiscal  2005.  Higher  earnings  from
Mi-Tech Steel, which are not fully taxable to our Company, reduced our effective
income tax by 2.5% in fiscal 2005  compared to 1.4% in fiscal 2004. In addition,
more favorable state income tax apportionments than originally  estimated offset
by a state income tax  adjustment  resulted in a 0.4%  increase in our effective
income tax rate during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - FISCAL 2004 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2003

Sales
-----

We posted net sales of  $786,852,000  for the fiscal  year ended  September  30,
2004,  an increase of 53% from sales of  $512,704,000  for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2003. Tons shipped of company-owned  steel products in fiscal 2004
increased  approximately  31% to  1,248,000  tons  compared  to fiscal 2003 as a
result of  continued  market  growth with large  national  accounts and improved
economic  conditions.  The average selling price of company-owned steel products
increased approximately 18% for fiscal 2004 as compared to the previous year.

Gross profit
------------

In fiscal  2004 our gross  profit  margin was 11.6%  compared to 8.8% for fiscal
2003.  Our gross  profit  margin  improved  somewhat  from an  escalating  price
environment due to rising raw material costs. Cost of goods sold increased 48.7%
in fiscal  2004  compared  to fiscal  2003.  Cost of  materials  sold  increased
$210,218,000  due to higher sales volume and increased raw material  costs.  The
remaining  increase in cost of goods sold of $17,686,000  was primarily a result
of increased  labor costs and related  fringe  benefits and  increased  delivery
costs due to higher sales volume.

Selling, general and administrative expenses
--------------------------------------------

Selling,  general  and  administrative  costs for fiscal  2004 were  $34,347,000
compared to $28,153,000 for fiscal 2003, an increase of $6,194,000. The increase
was primarily attributable to an increase in company wide bonus plan expenses of
approximately  $4,266,000 which were tied to company profits, higher selling and
travel  expenses of $1,846,000 to increase our market  coverage,  an increase in
bad debt expense of $436,000 attributable to higher sales levels and an increase
of $386,000 in remaining general expenses.  The increase was partially offset by
cost  reductions  achieved  in 2004 in the  amount of  $740,000  from a combined
non-recurring  state  payroll  tax  incentive  and a reduction  of property  tax
expenses as a result of receiving an assessment at amounts  significantly  lower
than estimated.  Selling, general and administrative costs were 4.4% and 5.5% of
sales in 2004 and 2003 respectively.

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates
-------------------------------------------------

Our share of the income of our unconsolidated affiliates increased to $2,852,000
for  fiscal  2004   compared  to  $1,058,000   for  fiscal  2003.   Our  largest
unconsolidated  affiliate,  Mi-Tech Steel,  experienced  47% sales growth during
fiscal 2004 as compared to fiscal 2003.  The continued  ramping up of the Nissan
Motor Co., Ltd.'s new Canton,  Mississippi operation  contributed  positively to
Mi-Tech  Steel's  earnings.  Mi-Tech  Steel's newest  facility  located near the
Nissan  Mississippi  operation  completed a  $4,000,000  follow-on  expansion to
handle automotive  exposed  processing to service Nissan and other businesses in
the southern region of the U.S.

                                       7
<PAGE>


Interest expense
----------------

Net interest expense for fiscal 2004 decreased to $4,029,000 from $4,906,000 for
fiscal 2003. The decrease was primarily  attributable to lower interest rates on
variable  rate debt during  fiscal  2004 as  compared  to fiscal 2003  partially
offset by a $269,000  expense  related to the early  retirement  of our  private
placement note in June 2004.

Gain on disposals/writeoffs of property, plant and equipment
------------------------------------------------------------

In fiscal 2003, we recorded a $369,000  pre-tax gain on  disposals/writeoffs  of
property,  plant and equipment  primarily from the sale of our Elkton,  Maryland
facility.

Income tax expense
------------------

For  fiscal  2004 and 2003 our  effective  income  tax rate was 36.7% and 31.1%,
respectively.  During  fiscal  2003,  we  recorded  an  income  tax  benefit  of
approximately   $294,000   attributable   to  state  and   foreign   income  tax
apportionment that was more favorable than originally estimated and recognized a
non-recurring  state income tax benefit of approximately  $200,000.  These items
decreased the effective income tax by 3.8% in fiscal 2003.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

At September  30, 2005, we had  $197,906,000  of working  capital,  maintained a
current  ratio of  3.66:1  and had  total  debt at 24% of total  capitalization.
Generally,  in  periods  of  economic  expansion  and  increased  demand for our
products, our working capital requirements increase.  Conversely,  in periods of
economic  contraction  and reduced demand for our products,  our working capital
requirements decrease.

Average days sales outstanding to customers was 40 days as of September 30, 2005
from favorable  collection  results  compared to 57 as of September 30, 2004. We
expect  average  days  sales  outstanding  to return to a more  normal  trend of
approximately  45 days during the first  quarter of fiscal  2006.  Average  days
inventory  was  48 days  as of  September  30,  2005  compared  to 92 days as of
September  30, 2004. To mitigate the short term impact of declining  prices,  we
aggressively reduced our inventory levels during the latter half of fiscal 2005.
We expect to return to more normal  levels of  approximately  60 days during the
first quarter of fiscal 2006.

Our average  payment  days to  suppliers  was 24 days as of  September  30, 2005
compared to 47 days as of September 30, 2004. We expect average  payment days to
suppliers to increase to more normal levels of  approximately 30 days during the
first quarter of fiscal 2006.

During fiscal 2005, cash provided by operations was $79,221,000,  primarily from
net income,  depreciation expense of $15,306,000 and changes in working capital.
We decreased  inventories by $58,146,000 and accounts receivable by $11,489,000,
which was partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable by $31,911,000.

Capital  expenditures for 2005 totaled  $17,343,000  primarily to further expand
capacity,  lower  conversion  costs,  improve  our  quality  and  service to our
customers and improve our information systems. We have committed  $25,000,000 in
capital projects for 2006 to expand our steel processing capabilities, including
construction of a new processing facility in Juarez, Mexico.

We maintain an equity  investment of approximately  $25,744,000 in our 90%-owned
Mexican  subsidiary.  Additional  investments  in  our  Mexican  operations,  if
required,  would be financed with cash and available funds from our bank line of
credit.

The translation of the financial statements of our Mexican subsidiary from local
currencies to the U.S.  dollar  subjects us to exposure  relating to fluctuating
exchange  rates.  However,  this  exposure  is  mitigated  somewhat  by a  large
percentage of


                                       8
<PAGE>

transactions  denominated  in the U.S.  dollar.  We consider  the Mexican peso a
relatively  stable  currency  and do not  typically  manage our related  foreign
currency  exchange rate risk through the use of financial  instruments.  Foreign
currency transaction (losses) gains are included in sales when incurred and were
($855,000),  $468,000 and  $353,000  for the fiscal years ending 2005,  2004 and
2003, respectively.

We maintain a 50% equity investment in Mi-Tech Steel and a 49% equity investment
in  Ferrolux  Metals.  Additional  equity  contributions  to our  unconsolidated
affiliates  are not  required and we do not  guarantee  any  obligations  of our
unconsolidated affiliates. While distributions from Mi-Tech Steel are permitted,
if authorized by Mi-Tech  Steel's board of  directors,  such  distributions  are
restricted by one of Mi-Tech Steel's loan agreements.  Such  restrictions  limit
distributions  to 15%  of  Mi-Tech  Steel's  net  income  in  any  fiscal  year.
Distributions  from Mi-Tech Steel are not, and are not expected to be,  material
sources of liquidity for us. Mi-Tech  Steel's  liquidity needs are met primarily
by their  cash flows  from  operating  activities  and  existing  line of credit
facility.  Cash flows from operations and available  borrowing  capabilities are
expected to meet Mi-Tech Steel's future needs.  On June 30, 2005,  Mi-Tech Steel
repaid us its $2,000,000 loan plus accrued interest of approximately $139,000.

On October 21, 2004, we issued  $50,000,000 in unsecured senior notes which have
an average term of 9.4 years and a blended interest rate of 5.67%. The notes are
comprised of $10,000,000 of 5.33% Series A Senior Notes due October 21, 2011 and
$40,000,000  of 5.75% Series B Senior  Notes due October 21, 2014.  The proceeds
from the notes were used to reduce borrowings  outstanding on our revolving line
of credit facility.

Borrowings  and repayments  under our line of credit  agreement are initiated as
needed to fund our operating and investing  activities  described above.  During
fiscal 2005, we borrowed  $88,000,000  to finance our working  capital needs and
repaid  $122,000,000 on our indebtedness.  The amount repaid includes the use of
the proceeds  received from the  $50,000,000  unsecured  senior notes  described
above.

We have a  $135,000,000  unsecured  revolving  credit  facility.  Under  certain
circumstances, the facility can be expanded to $200,000,000.  Subsequent to year
end, on October 11,  2005,  we amended our facility  with our  existing  banking
group to extend the  maturity  date to October  2010 and  improve  our  interest
rates.  Interest on the  facility is paid with various  variable  options on the
interest rate,  none of which are greater than the bank's prime. We can elect to
use both the  LIBOR  based  interest  rate and the  prime  interest  rate on our
outstanding  borrowings  under the agreement.  At September 30, 2005,  there was
$30,000,000 outstanding on this credit facility.

Provisions contained in our revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes
require us to maintain specified levels of net worth, maintain certain financial
ratios and limit capital  expenditures,  operating  leases,  capital  leases and
additional debt. We are in compliance with our loan covenants, and none of these
covenants   would   restrict  the  completion  of  currently   planned   capital
expenditures.

Cash Requirements, Contractual Obligations and Contingencies
------------------------------------------------------------

Our  liquidity  needs  are  met  primarily  by our  cash  flows  from  operating
activities  and our line of credit  facility.  Operating cash flows are somewhat
influenced by  cyclicality  of demand in the steel  industry,  especially in the
automotive  market.  We  anticipate  borrowing  on our  existing  line of credit
facility to support our continued  growth and to meet our working capital needs.
Cash flows from operations and available borrowing  capabilities are expected to
meet our future needs.

                                       9
<PAGE>

We have entered into leases to meet the needs of our  facilities.  The following
table  summarizes  the  annual  payments  of  outstanding  debt,   interest  and
non-cancelable leases required as of September 30, 2005. Interest payments below
include the estimated  contractual  interest  payments under our debt agreements
net of the effect of the associated  interest rate swap  agreement,  assuming no
change in the variable LIBOR rate or amounts outstanding under our existing debt
agreements as of September 30, 2005.

<TABLE>

                                 Debt          Interest        Leases
------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                              <C>         <C>            <C>
2006                         $     -          $ 4,313,000     $1,173,000
2007                               -            4,351,000      1,081,000
2008                               -            4,332,000        955,000
2009                          30,000,000        4,013,000        658,000
2010                               -            2,833,000        221,000
After 2010                    50,000,000        9,969,000         45,000
                            --------------------------------------------
Total                        $80,000,000      $29,811,000     $4,133,000
                            ============================================
</TABLE>

Subsequent to year end, on October 11, 2005,  the Company  amended its unsecured
revolving credit facility with its existing banking group to extend the maturity
date to October 2010 and improve interest rates.

In order to mitigate a portion of the market risk on its variable  rate debt, we
entered into an interest rate swap contract with a major  financial  institution
on June 20, 2005.  The interest rate swap  contract  will  commence  December 8,
2005.  Under the terms of the  contract,  which matures in September  2008,  the
Company will receive a LIBOR based  variable  interest  rate (3.54% at September
30,  2005)  and pay a fixed  interest  rate of 4.31%  on a  notional  amount  of
$30,000,000.

In July 2005,  union  employees  in our  Canton,  Michigan  facility  ratified a
contract which expires in March 2010.

At this  time,  we have no other  known  material  obligations,  commitments  or
demands that must be met beyond the next twelve months.

We believe  all  manufacturing  facilities  are in  compliance  with  applicable
federal and state environmental  regulations.  We are not presently aware of any
fact or  circumstance,  which would require the expenditure of material  amounts
for environmental compliance.

Related Party Transactions
--------------------------

We have various transactions at prevailing market prices with Mi-Tech Steel (see
Note 5 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

We sell scrap steel  products at prevailing  market prices to a company owned by
Stuart N. Ray, an officer and director of Steel Technologies (see Note 16 of our
Notes  to  Consolidated   Financial   Statements).   Management   reports  these
transactions  to the Audit  Committee of the Board of Directors as frequently as
requested by the Committee, but at least annually. Most recently, in April 2005,
the Audit  Committee  reviewed  and  approved  these  transactions.  We have the
ability to continue or cease selling scrap steel to this company at any time.




                                       10
<PAGE>
               IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS


On December 16, 2004,  the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB) issued
Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standard  (SFAS) No.  123(R),  "Share-Based
Payment," that addresses the accounting for share-based payment  transactions in
which an  enterprise  receives  employee  services  in  exchange  for (a) equity
instruments  of the  enterprise  or (b)  liabilities  that are based on the fair
value of the  enterprise's  equity  instruments  or that may be  settled  by the
issuance of such equity  instruments.  SFAS No. 123(R) eliminates the ability to
account for share-based  compensation  transactions using APB Opinion No. 25 and
requires  instead that such  transactions  be  accounted  for using a fair-value
based method.

SFAS No. 123(R) is effective for any annual period beginning after June 15, 2005
and permits public companies to choose between a "modified  prospective"  method
and a "modified  retrospective" method. Under the "modified prospective" method,
compensation  cost is recognized for all share-based  payments granted after the
effective  date and for all awards  granted to employees  prior to the effective
date of SFAS No. 123(R) that remain  unvested on the effective  date.  Under the
"modified  retrospective"  method,  compensation  cost is  recognized  using the
modified  prospective  method  described  above,  but also  permits  entities to
restate  based on the  amounts  previously  recognized  under  SFAS No.  123 for
purposes of pro forma  disclosures  for either all prior  periods  presented  or
prior interim periods of the year of adoption.

The  Company  adopted  SFAS No.  123(R) on  October  1, 2005 and has  chosen the
"modified  prospective"  method.  The adoption of SFAS No.  123(R) on October 1,
2005 did not have a  material  impact  on our  financial  position,  results  of
operations  or cash flows.  Stock option  expense after the adoption of SFAS No.
123(R) is not expected to be materially  different  than the table in Note 1 and
is dependent on levels of share-based payments granted in the future.

In May  2005,  the FASB  issued  SFAS No.  154,  "Accounting  Changes  and Error
Corrections, a replacement of APB No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3." SFAS No. 154
requires  retrospective  application to prior periods' financial statements of a
voluntary change in accounting  principle unless it is impractical.  APB Opinion
No. 20, "Accounting Changes," previously required that most voluntary changes in
accounting  principle be  recognized by including in net income of the period of
the change the cumulative  effect of changing to the new  accounting  principle.
This statement is effective for our Company as of October 1, 2006. We will apply
the requirements of SFAS No. 154 on any changes in accounting principles made on
or after October 1, 2006.

On October 22, 2004 the  American  Jobs  Creation  Act of 2004 was passed and is
effective  for  fiscal  2006.  This law  provides  a phased in  deduction  for a
percentage of qualified income from domestic production activities and a special
one-time tax deduction on the repatriation of foreign earnings. We are assessing
the  impact of this  change in tax on our  financial  position  and  results  of
operations.

In  December  2004,  the FASB issued SFAS No.  153,  "Exchanges  of  Nonmonetary
Assets,  an  amendment  of APB  Opinion  No.  29." SFAS No.  153 is based on the
principle that  exchanges of nonmonetary  assets should be measured based on the
fair  value of the  assets  exchanged.  APB  Opinion  No.  29,  "Accounting  for
Nonmonetary  Transactions,"  provided  an  exception  to its  basic  measurement
principle  (fair value) for exchanges of similar  productive  assets.  Under APB
Opinion No. 29, an exchange of a productive asset for a similar productive asset
was  based on the  recorded  amount  of the  asset  relinquished.  SFAS No.  153
eliminates  this  exception  and  replaces it with an  exception of exchanges of
nonmonetary  assets that do not have commercial  substance.  SFAS No. 153 became
effective for our Company as of July 1, 2005 and did not have a material  impact
on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151,  "Inventory Costs - an Amendment
of ARB No.  43." SFAS No.  151  amends the  guidance  in ARB No. 43,  Chapter 4,
"Inventory  Pricing," to clarify the  accounting  for  abnormal  amounts of idle
facility expense, freight, handling costs, and spoilage, and requires that these
items be recognized as  current-period  charges  regardless of whether they meet
the  criterion  of "so  abnormal."  In  addition,  SFAS No.  151  requires  that
allocation of fixed production  overheads to the costs of conversion be based on
the normal capacity of the production facilities. The provisions of SFAS No. 151
are effective for inventory  costs incurred  during fiscal years beginning after

                                       11
<PAGE>

June 15, 2005, with earlier application permitted.  The adoption of SFAS No. 151
on  October 1, 2005 did not have a material  impact on our  financial  position,
results of operations or cash flows.


                                       12
<PAGE>


                               STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                          (In thousands, except shares)
<TABLE>
                                                         September 30
                                                  --------------------------
                                                     2005            2004
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents....................   $  30,991       $   2,273
  Trade accounts receivable, less
    allowance for doubtful accounts:
    $4,903 in 2005 and $3,318 in 2004..........     112,033         123,546
  Inventories..................................     121,423         178,490
  Deferred income taxes........................       1,621           2,025
  Prepaid expenses and other assets............       6,289           5,629
                                                  ---------       ---------
      Total current assets ....................     272,357         311,963
                                                  ---------       ---------
Property, plant and equipment (at cost), net of
   accumulated depreciation                         110,501         108,593
                                                  ---------       ---------
Investments in and advances to unconsolidated
   affiliates..................................      25,182          22,312
Goodwill.......................................      18,148          18,148
Other assets ..................................       2,751           1,544
                                                  ---------       ---------
                                                  $ 428,939       $ 462,560
                                                  =========       =========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable ...........................   $  59,559       $  90,859
   Accrued liabilities ........................      13,394          13,511
   Income taxes payable .......................       1,244           6,278
   Deferred income taxes ......................         254           5,735
                                                  ---------       ---------
      Total current liabilities ...............      74,451         116,383

Long-term debt ................................      80,000         114,000
Deferred income taxes .........................      15,972          12,114
Other long-term liabilities                           3,757           1,814
                                                  ---------       ---------
     Total liabilities ........................     174,180         244,311
                                                  ---------       ---------
Commitments and contingencies .................

Shareholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, no par value;
     500,000 shares authorized;
     none issued or outstanding ...............         -              -
   Common stock, no par value; 50,000,000 shares
     authorized; issued and outstanding shares:
     12,927,826 in 2005 and 12,804,073 in 2004       70,662          69,466
   Treasury stock at cost: 2,635,114 shares in
     2005 and 2,626,742 shares in 2004 ........     (24,475)        (24,238)
   Additional paid-in capital .................       5,494           5,170
   Retained earnings ..........................     207,116         174,025
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss .......      (4,038)         (6,174)
                                                  ---------       ---------
     Total shareholders' equity ...............     254,759         218,249
                                                  ---------       ---------
                                                  $ 428,939       $ 462,560
                                                  =========       =========
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       13

<PAGE>

                            STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                        Consolidated Statements of Income
                    (In thousands, except per share results)

<TABLE>
                                          For the Years Ended September 30
                                          --------------------------------
                                             2005        2004       2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>         <C>        <C>
Sales ..................................   $1,001,791  $786,852   $512,704
Cost of goods sold .....................      909,972   695,684    467,780
                                           ----------  --------   --------
  Gross profit .........................       91,819    91,168     44,924
Selling, general and administrative
  expenses .............................       37,267    34,347     28,153
Equity in net income of
  unconsolidated affiliates ............        4,937     2,852      1,058
                                           ----------  --------   --------
  Operating income .....................       59,489    59,673     17,829
Interest expense, net...................        4,626     4,029      4,906
Loss (gain) on disposals/writeoffs of
  property, plant and equipment ........           56        32       (369)
                                           ----------  --------   --------
  Income before income taxes ...........       54,807    55,612     13,292
Provision for income taxes .............       18,494    20,406      4,140
                                           ----------  --------   --------
  Net income ...........................   $   36,313  $ 35,206   $  9,152
                                           ==========  ========   ========
Diluted weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding ...................       13,098    11,533      9,899
                                           ----------  --------   --------
Diluted earnings per common share ......   $     2.77  $   3.05   $   0.92
                                           ----------  --------   --------
Basic weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding ...................       12,894    11,284      9,748
                                           ----------  --------   --------
Basic earnings per common share ........   $     2.82  $   3.12   $   0.94
                                           ----------  --------   --------
</TABLE>


                 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
                                           For the Years Ended September 30
                                           --------------------------------
                                             2005       2004       2003
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net income .............................   $ 36,313   $ 35,206   $  9,152
  Foreign currency translation
    adjustment .........................      2,021       (902)    (2,201)
  Change in unrealized gain or loss on
    cash flow hedges, net of tax expense
    of $70 in 2005, $92 in 2004 and
    $287 in 2003 .......................        115        160        460
                                           --------   --------    -------
     Net other comprehensive income (loss)    2,136       (742)    (1,741)
                                           --------   --------    -------
Comprehensive income ...................   $ 38,449   $ 34,464   $  7,411
                                           ========   ========    =======
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       14
<PAGE>


                             STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
                                                          For the Years Ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003
                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                        Common Stock         Treasury Stock                                Accumulated
                                     ------------------   --------------------   Additional                   Other
                                                                                   Paid-In    Retained     Comprehensive
                                      Shares    Amount      Shares    Amount       Capital    Earnings        Loss          Total
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>      <C>          <C>      <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>

Balances, September 30, 2002 ......    9,663   $ 18,733     2,519   $(22,090)     $  4,909      $133,869      $ (3,691)    $131,730
Net income ........................                                                                9,152                      9,152
Net issuance of common stock under
   incentive stock option plan.....      102      1,638        55     (1,079)                                                   559
Tax effect of options exercised -
   disqualifying dispositions......                                                    189                                      189
Cash dividends on common stock
  ($.20 per share).................                                                               (1,948)                    (1,948)
Foreign currency translation.......                                                                             (2,201)      (2,201)
Change in unrealized loss on cash
  flow hedges, net of tax .........                                                                                460          460
                                     -------   --------     -----   --------      --------      ---------     --------     --------
Balances, September 30, 2003 ......    9,765     20,371     2,574    (23,169)        5,098       141,073        (5,432)     137,941
Net income ........................                                                               35,206                     35,206
Net issuance of common stock under
   public offering................     2,905     47,322                                                                      47,322
Net issuance of common stock under
   incentive stock option plan.....      134      1,773        53     (1,069)                                                   704
Tax effect of options exercised -
   disqualifying dispositions......                                                     72                                       72
Cash dividends on common stock
  ($.20 per share).................                                                               (2,254)                    (2,254)
Foreign currency translation.......                                                                               (902)        (902)
Change in unrealized loss on cash
  flow hedges, net of tax .........                                                                                160          160
                                     -------   --------     -----   --------      --------      ---------     --------     --------
Balances, September 30, 2004 ......   12,804     69,466     2,627    (24,238)        5,170       174,025        (6,174)     218,249
Net income ........................                                                               36,313                     36,313
Net issuance of common stock under
   incentive stock option plan.....      124      1,196         8       (237)                                                   959
Tax effect of options exercised -
   disqualifying dispositions......                                                    324                                      324
Cash dividends on common stock
  ($.25 per share).................                                                               (3,222)                    (3,222)
Foreign currency translation.......                                                                              2,021        2,021
Change in unrealized gain on cash
  flow hedges, net of tax .........                                                                                115          115
                                     -------   --------     -----   --------      --------      ---------     --------     --------
Balances, September 30, 2005 ......   12,928   $ 70,662     2,635   $(24,475)     $  5,494      $ 207,116     $ (4,038)    $254,759
                                     =======   ========     =====   ========      ========      =========     ========     ========

</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       15
<PAGE>

                            STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
                                                For the Years Ended September 30
                                                --------------------------------
                                                  2005      2004        2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income ................................  $ 36,313    $ 35,206   $   9,152
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
    net cash provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation ..........................    15,306      14,889      13,878
      Deferred income taxes .................    (1,606)      2,241       1,315
      Equity in net income of
        unconsolidated affiliates ...........    (4,937)     (2,852)     (1,058)
      Provision for bad debts ...............     1,094       1,710       1,274
      Loss (gain) on disposals/writeoffs of
        property, plant and equipment .......        56          32        (369)
      Increase (decrease) in cash resulting
        from changes in:
          Trade accounts receivable .........    11,489     (51,248)     (2,222)
          Inventories .......................    58,146     (94,769)      3,608
          Prepaid expenses and other assets .      (877)     (2,053)     (1,805)
          Accounts payable ..................   (31,911)     41,638     (15,193)
          Income taxes payable ..............    (4,894)      7,145      (2,934)
          Accrued liabilities ...............     1,042       5,033         456
                                                --------    --------    --------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating
  activities ................................    79,221     (43,028)      6,102
                                                --------    --------    --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment.   (17,343)    (17,255)    (14,637)
  Proceeds from sale of property,
    plant and equipment .....................       602         -         2,603
  Acquisition................................       -           -        (9,825)
  Distributions from unconsolidated
    affiliates...............................       -           211          45
  Investment in and advances to
    unconsolidated affiliates................     2,000         -        (2,000)
                                                --------    --------    --------
Net cash used in investing activities .......   (14,741)    (17,044)    (23,814)
                                                --------    --------    --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Proceeds from long-term debt ..............    88,000      88,000      58,500
  Principal payments on long-term debt ......  (122,000)    (74,400)    (38,759)
  Cash dividends on common stock ............    (3,222)     (2,254)     (1,948)
  Net issuance of common stock ..............       959      48,026         559
 Other ......................................       -           175         175
                                                --------    --------    --------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing
  activities ................................    (36,263)    59,547      18,527
                                                --------    --------    --------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash .....        501         40        (184)
                                                --------    --------    --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents ..........................     28,718       (485)        631
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year.      2,273      2,758       2,127
                                                --------    --------    --------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year ......   $ 30,991   $  2,273    $  2,758
                                                ========    ========    ========

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures:
  Cash payments for interest ................   $  3,994   $  4,200    $  4,878
  Cash payments for taxes ...................   $ 24,971   $ 10,941    $  5,636

Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities:
  Fair value of assets acquired..............   $    -     $    -      $  9,845
  Liabilities assumed .......................        -          -            20
                                                --------    --------    --------
  Net cash paid .............................   $    -     $    -      $  9,825
                                                ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes  are an  integral  part of the  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                       16
<PAGE>
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. SUMMARY OF  SIGNIFICANT  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES:
Description of the Business:  Steel  Technologies Inc. is an intermediate  steel
processor  engaged in the business of processing  flat rolled steel to specified
thickness,  width, temper and finish  requirements for customers'  manufacturing
processes. A majority of its sales are to industrial customers in North America,
manufacturing  component  parts  for  use  in  the  automotive  industry.  Steel
Technologies Inc. operates in one reportable segment.

Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated  financial statements include the
accounts of Steel  Technologies  Inc. and its  majority-owned  subsidiaries (the
Company).  The Company's investments in unconsolidated  affiliates are accounted
for by the  equity  method  based on the  percentage  of  common  ownership  and
control. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.

Cash and Cash  Equivalents:  Cash and cash  equivalents  include  highly  liquid
investments  with an original  maturity of three  months or less.  The  carrying
value of cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity
of the securities.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  Receivable:  The Company maintains an allowance
for doubtful  accounts for estimated  losses resulting from the inability of its
customers to make  required  payments.  The  allowance is  maintained at a level
considered  appropriate  based on  historical  and  other  factors  that  affect
collectibility.  The factors  include  historical  trends of write-offs,  sales,
recoveries and credit losses;  the monitoring of portfolio  credit quality;  and
current and projected economic and market conditions. If the financial condition
of the Company's  customers were to  deteriorate,  resulting in an impairment of
the ability to make payments beyond  previously  established  terms,  additional
allowances may be required.  Uncollectible  accounts  receivable are written off
against  the  allowance  for  doubtful   accounts   receivable  when  management
determines  that the  probability of payment is remote and  collections  efforts
have ceased.

Inventories:  Inventories  are  valued at the lower of cost or  market.  Cost is
determined using the specific identification method for all inventories.

Depreciation and Amortization:  Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method with the following estimated useful lives:

         Buildings and improvements  10 - 25 years
         Machinery and equipment      3 - 12 years

When  properties  are  retired or  otherwise  disposed  of, the cost and related
accumulated  depreciation  are removed from the accounts with any resulting gain
or loss reflected in results of operations. Maintenance and repairs are expensed
in the year incurred. The Company capitalizes interest costs as part of the cost
of  constructing  major  facilities.  Interest  costs of $290,000,  $178,000 and
$167,000 were capitalized in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

Long-Lived  Assets:  We review the carrying value of our  long-lived  assets for
impairment  whenever  changes  in events  and  circumstances  indicate  that the
carrying  amount of the  assets  may not be  recoverable.  If an  evaluation  is
required,  the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with an asset
would be compared to the asset's  carrying value to determine if a write-down to
market value or undiscounted cash flows value is required.

Goodwill  represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net
assets acquired through acquisitions  accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.  Effective  October  1,  2002,  the  Company  adopted  Statement  of
Financial  Accounting  Standard (SFAS) No. 142,  "Goodwill and Other  Intangible
Assets" and ceased amortization of goodwill.  Under SFAS No. 142, goodwill is no
longer amortized but is tested for impairment  annually using a fair-value based
approach.  The annual impairment test was performed during the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2005 and no impairments were indicated.


                                     17


<PAGE>

Revenue   Recognition:   The  Company   recognizes   revenue  for  the  sale  of
Company-owned  products when the customer takes title to goods shipped,  risk of
loss passes to the customer,  collection of the relevant receivable is probable,
persuasive  evidence  of an  arrangement  exists and the sales price is fixed or
determinable.  The Company recognizes revenue from toll processing services upon
shipment of goods.  Sales returns and  allowances  are recorded as reductions to
sales and are provided for based on historical  experience and current  customer
activities.

Shipping and  Handling  Fees and Costs:  Shipping  and  handling  fees billed to
customers are included in sales and shipping and handling  costs incurred by the
Company are included in cost of goods sold.

Advertising Expense:  The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.

Stock-Based  Compensation:  At September 30, 2005,  the Company had  stock-based
compensation  plans which are  described  more fully in Note 14. As permitted by
SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation" and amended by SFAS No.
148, "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation - Transition and Disclosure," the
Company  follows the provisions of Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting  for Stock  Issued to  Employees,"  and related  Interpretations  in
accounting  for its stock option plans under the  intrinsic  value based method.
Accordingly,  no stock-based  compensation expense has been recognized for stock
options issued under the plans as all stock options  granted under the plans had
an exercise  price  greater than or equal to the market value of the  underlying
common stock on the date of grant.  Had  compensation  expense  been  determined
based on the fair value of the stock options at the grant date  consistent  with
the  provisions  of SFAS No. 123, the Company's net income and basic and diluted
net income per share would have been  impacted as follows (in  thousands  except
per share data):

<Table>

                                              For the Years Ended September 30
                                              --------------------------------
(In thousands, except per share results)           2005       2004       2003
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>        <C>
Net income - as reported                         $36,313    $35,206    $9,152
Total stock-based employee compensation expense
  (benefit) determined under fair value based
  method for all awards, net of taxes                205        395       160
                                                 -------    -------   -------
Net income - pro forma                           $36,108    $34,811    $8,992
                                                 =======    =======   =======
Diluted net income per share - as reported       $ 2.77     $  3.05    $ 0.92
Diluted net income per share - pro forma         $ 2.76     $  3.02    $ 0.91
Basic net income per share - as reported         $ 2.82     $  3.12    $ 0.94
Basic net income per share - pro forma           $ 2.80     $  3.08    $ 0.92
</TABLE>

The Company adopted SFAS No. 123(R),  "Share-Based  Payment," on October 1, 2005
and the  adoption  of SFAS No.  123(R)  did not have a  material  impact  on our
financial  position,  results of operations  or cash flows (see Note 18).  Stock
option  expense  after the  adoption  of SFAS No.  123(R) is not  expected to be
materially  different  than the  table  above  and is  dependent  on  levels  of
share-based payments granted in the future.

Self-Insurance:  The Company is self-insured  for employees'  medical claims and
participates  in  an  insurance  captive  for  workers'  compensation,   general
liability and automobile insurance claims, with stop-loss coverage provided by a
commercial  insurer.  The Company maintains an accrual for the estimated cost to
settle  open  claims as well as an estimate of the cost of claims that have been
incurred but not reported.  These  estimates take into account  valuations  from
third party actuaries, current and historical trends and changes in our business
and  workforce.  The  accruals  for  self-insurance  could be affected if future
occurrences  and claims  are  different  from  assumptions  used and  historical
trends.

Earnings Per Common  Share:  Earnings per share for all periods  presented  have
been  calculated  and presented in accordance  with SFAS No. 128,  "Earnings Per
Share." Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by

                                       18

<PAGE>

dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average  number
of common shares outstanding for the period.  Diluted earnings per share reflect
the potential  dilution  that could occur if  securities  or other  contracts to
issue common stock were  exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in
the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company.

Foreign  Currency  Translation:  The  Mexican  subsidiary  uses  the peso as the
functional currency and the assets and liabilities of the Mexican subsidiary are
translated into U.S. dollars at the year-end rate of exchange,  and revenues and
expenses  are  translated  at average  rates of  exchange  in effect  during the
period.  Resulting  translation  adjustments  are  reported  as a  component  of
comprehensive  income.  Foreign currency transaction (losses) gains are included
in sales when incurred and were ($855,000), $468,000 and $353,000 for the fiscal
years ending 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

Comprehensive  Loss:  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  consists  of  the
following:


<TABLE>
                                                           September 30
                                                  ------------------------------
      (In thousands)                                     2005        2004
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      <S>                                               <C>         <C>

      Cumulative translation adjustment                 $4,153      $6,174
      Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax     (115)        -
                                                        ------      ------
                                                        $4,038      $6,174
                                                        ======      ======
</TABLE>


Use of Estimates:  The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with
generally accepted  accounting  principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions  that affect the reported  amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial  statements and the reported  amounts of revenues and expenses  during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Reclassifications:  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform
with the current year presentation with no effect on net income or shareholders'
equity.

2. ACQUISITIONS:
On March 7, 2003, the Company completed the purchase of certain assets from Cold
Metal Products,  Inc. (Cold Metal  Products) as approved by the U.S.  Bankruptcy
Court in  Youngstown,  Ohio.  The  purchase  price  consisted  of  approximately
$9,825,000  and the  assumption of  approximately  $20,000 of  liabilities.  The
assets purchased included land, building and certain steel processing  equipment
at the Ottawa, Ohio facility, certain equipment located in Indianapolis, Indiana
and  selected  inventory  and  accounts  receivable.  The Company  financed  the
acquisition with its existing credit facility.

The acquisition has been recorded under the purchase method of accounting,  with
the operating  results being  included in the Company's  consolidated  financial
statements  since the date of  acquisition.  The  following  unaudited pro forma
consolidated  results of operations  have been prepared as if the acquisition of
the  assets  of  Cold  Metal  Products  had  occurred  at the  beginning  of the
corresponding period.

<table>

                                                 September 30
                                                 ------------
     (In thousands, except per share data)           2003
     --------------------------------------------------------
     <S>                                            <C>
     Sales                                          $524,368
     Net income                                     $  9,039
     Diluted net income per share                   $   0.91
     Basic net income per share                     $   0.93
</Table>

                                       19
<PAGE>


This pro forma information is presented for  informational  purposes only and is
not necessarily indicative of future operating results.


3.  INVENTORIES:
Inventories consist of:
<TABLE>

                                                              September 30
                                                        ------------------------
    (In thousands)                                         2005         2004
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    <S>                                                 <C>          <C>

    Raw materials                                       $  86,496    $ 132,570
    Finished goods and work in process                     34,927       45,920
                                                        ---------    ---------
                                                        $ 121,423    $ 178,490
                                                        =========    =========
</TABLE>

4.  PROPERTY,  PLANT AND  EQUIPMENT:
Property,  plant and equipment and related accumulated  depreciation  consist of
the following:
<TABLE>

                                                              September 30
                                                        ------------------------
    (In thousands)                                         2005         2004
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    <S>                                                 <C>          <C>

    Land and improvements                               $  6,344     $  6,283
    Buildings and improvements                            73,979       65,847
    Machinery and equipment                              157,425      151,641
    Construction in progress                               7,646        9,124
                                                        --------     --------
                                                         245,394      232,895
    Less accumulated depreciation                        134,893      124,302
                                                        --------     --------
                                                        $110,501     $108,593
                                                        ========     ========
</TABLE>

5. INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES:
Mi-Tech Steel,  Inc.  (Mi-Tech Steel) owns and operates five  high-volume  steel
processing  facilities to serve  Japanese and domestic  automotive and appliance
parts  manufacturers  in the United States.  Summarized  condensed  consolidated
financial  information of Mi-Tech Steel, a fifty percent owned company accounted
for by the equity method follows:

<TABLE>
                                                              September 30
                                                        ------------------------
    BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands)                         2005           2004
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>                                             <C>            <C>

        Assets:
           Current assets                               $ 82,596        $ 98,154
           Other  assets                                  31,076          33,436
        Liabilities:
           Current liabilities                          $ 36,726        $ 65,786
           Long-term liabilities                          30,457          28,654
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
                                            For the Years Ended September 30
                                         ---------------------------------------
    STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In thousands)      2005        2004         2003
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>

        Net Sales                          $297,877     $209,972     $142,559
        Gross profit                       $ 25,107     $ 15,672     $  8,829
        Net Income                         $  9,310     $  5,109     $  1,581
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>

The  Company's  equity  in  undistributed   net  income  of  Mi-Tech  Steel  was
$13,631,000 and $8,976,000 at September 30, 2005 and 2004,  respectively.  While
distributions  from Mi-Tech Steel are permitted if authorized by Mi-Tech Steel's
Board of Directors,  such distributions are restricted by one of Mi-Tech Steel's
loan agreements by limiting  distributions  to 15% of Mi-Tech Steel's net income
in any fiscal year.

Pursuant to an  agreement,  the  Company  loaned  Mi-Tech  Steel  $2,000,000  on
September  30, 2003.  The loan and accrued  interest of $139,000  were repaid on
June 30, 2005.

The Company has various other  transactions with Mi-Tech Steel. Both the Company
and Mi-Tech Steel buy and sell products and services at prevailing market prices
from each other.  Beginning in February 2005, the Company incurred expenses from
Mi-Tech Steel for toll processing and storage services  provided at its Decatur,
Alabama facility at agreed upon rates. Prior to February 2005, Mi-Tech Steel was
reimbursed for operating costs incurred at its Decatur,  Alabama facility by its
owners.  Equity in the net income of Mi-Tech Steel and management fee income are
also  included in  operating  income of the Company.  A summary of  transactions
between the Company and Mi-Tech Steel during fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003 follows:

<TABLE>
                                            For the Years Ended September 30
                                         ---------------------------------------
(In thousands)                                2005        2004         2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Sales to and management fee income
   from Mi-Tech Steel                      $3,736       $2,881       $2,672
Purchases from and expense reimbursements
   to Mi-Tech Steel                        $2,102       $1,688       $  817
Interest income from Mi-Tech Steel         $   72       $   67       $  -
Equity in net income of Mi-Tech Steel      $4,655       $2,555       $  790
</TABLE>

As a result of the transactions  above,  accounts  receivable from Mi-Tech Steel
was  $302,000  and  $612,000 as of  September  30, 2005 and 2004,  respectively.
Accounts  payable to Mi-Tech  Steel was $103,000 and  $1,647,000 as of September
30, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

6.  LONG-TERM DEBT:
Long-term debt consists of the following:
<TABLE>

                                                            September 30
                                                   -----------------------------
(In thousands)                                          2005           2004
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>
Notes payable to bank, unsecured under current line
   of credit; interest rates at September 30, 2005
   was 4.29% and in 2004 ranged from 3.20% to 4.75%    $  30,000    $114,000
Series A Senior Notes payable, unsecured, due
   October 2011; interest due semiannually at 5.33%       10,000         -
Series B Senior Notes payable, unsecured, due
   October 2014; interest due semiannually at 5.75%       40,000         -
                                                       ---------    --------
                                                          80,000     114,000
        Less amount due within one year                      -           -
                                                       ---------    --------
                                                       $  80,000    $114,000
                                                       =========    ========
</TABLE>

In September 2004, the Company entered into a $135,000,000  unsecured  revolving
credit  facility with its existing  bank group which matures in September  2009.
Under certain  circumstances,  the new facility can be expanded to $200,000,000.
Interest on the facility is paid with various  variable  options on the interest
rate, none of which are greater than the bank's prime.  The Company can elect to
use both the  LIBOR  based  interest  rate and the  prime  interest  rate on its
outstanding  borrowings  under the agreement.  At September 30, 2005,  there was
$30,000,000 outstanding on this credit facility.



                                       21
<PAGE>

In October 2004, the Company issued  $50,000,000 in unsecured  senior notes. The
notes are  comprised of  $10,000,000  of 5.33% Series A Senior Notes due October
21, 2011 and $40,000,000 of 5.75% Series B Senior Notes due October 21, 2014.

Provisions  contained in the Company's  revolving  credit facility and unsecured
senior  notes  require the Company to  maintain  specified  levels of net worth,
maintain  certain  financial  ratios and limit capital  expenditures,  operating
leases,  capital leases and additional debt. The Company estimates that the fair
value of fixed interest debt instruments  approximates  $49,638,000 at September
30, 2005.  The fair value of the  Company's  debt is  estimated  based on quoted
market rates or current  rates  offered to the Company on  comparable  remaining
maturities.

The aggregate  amount of all long-term debt to be repaid for the years following
September 30, 2005 is (in thousands):

<TABLE>
        <S>                    <C>

       2006 - 2008         $       -
       2009                     30,000
       2010                        -
       Thereafter               50,000
                           -----------
                           $    80,000
                           ===========
</TABLE>

Subsequent to year end, on October 11, 2005,  the Company  amended its unsecured
revolving credit facility with its existing banking group to extend the maturity
date to October 2010 and improve interest rates.

7.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
In order to mitigate a portion of the market risk on its variable rate debt, the
Company   entered  an  interest  rate  swap  contract  with  a  major  financial
institution  on June 20, 2005.  The interest  rate swap  contract  will commence
December 8, 2005.  Under the terms of the  contract,  which matures in September
2008,  the Company will receive a LIBOR based  variable  interest rate (3.54% at
September 30, 2005) and pay a fixed interest rate of 4.31% on a notional  amount
of  $30,000,000.  Two  interest  rate swap  contracts  were also entered into in
August  2001.  Under the terms of the first  contract,  which  matured in August
2003, the Company received a LIBOR based variable rate and paid a fixed interest
rate of 4.24% on a notional amount of $15,000,000. Under the terms of the second
contract,  which matured in February  2004,  the Company  received a LIBOR based
variable rate and paid a fixed  interest  rate of 4.48% on a notional  amount of
$15,000,000.  The variable interest rates paid on these contracts are determined
based on LIBOR on the last  day of the  applicable  borrowing  period,  which is
consistent with the variable rate determination on the underlying debt.

SFAS 133,  "Accounting  for Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities" as
amended,  establishes  accounting and reporting  standards  requiring that every
derivative  financial  instrument  be recorded on the balance  sheet at its fair
value.  SFAS No. 133 requires all  derivatives be recognized as either assets or
liabilities in the balance sheet at their fair value,  and sets forth the manner
in which gains and losses  thereon are to be  recorded.  The  treatment  of such
gains or losses is dependent  upon the type of  exposure,  if any, for which the
derivative is designated as a hedge.  Gains and losses for qualifying hedges can
be deferred in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income and  recognized in the
income statement along with the related results of the hedged item. SFAS No. 133
requires  that  the  Company  formally   document,   designate  and  assess  the
effectiveness  of such  transactions  in order to qualify  for hedge  accounting
treatment.

The Company  designated its interest rate swap contracts as a cash flow hedge of
anticipated  interest payments under its variable rate line of credit agreement.
Gains and losses on these swaps are recorded in accumulated other  comprehensive
income and are  reclassified  into net income as  interest  expense,  net in the
periods in which the related  variable  interest is paid. The Company  estimates
that the fair value of the interest rate swap contract  approximates $185,000 at
September 30, 2005.  The fair value of this contract debt is estimated  based on
quoted  market rates on contracts  with  comparable  remaining  maturities.  The
Company expects to reclassify  approximately $39,000 of the $115,000 recorded in
accumulated other  comprehensive loss into net income as a reduction of interest
expense, net during fiscal 2006.

                                       22
<PAGE>

8. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
In March 2004, the Company completed a public stock offering of 2,905,000 shares
of common  stock at a price of $17.25.  The  Company  realized  net  proceeds of
approximately $47,322,000 from this offering.

In April 1998,  the Company  adopted a  shareholder  rights plan by  declaring a
dividend  of one right for each  share of Common  Stock  outstanding  payable to
shareholders of record on May 14, 1998. Each right entitles  shareholders to buy
one  one-hundredth of a share of series A junior  participating  preferred stock
for $50 per  share.  The  rights  may be  exercised  only if a  person  or group
acquires  20% or more of the  outstanding  shares of common stock or announces a
tender offer or exchange  offer that would result in ownership of 20% or more of
the common stock. The rights currently trade with the Company's common stock and
may be  redeemed  by the Board of  Directors  for one cent per right  until they
become  exercisable,  and  thereafter  under certain  circumstances.  The rights
expire in 2008.

The Company's  Articles of  Incorporation  authorized  500,000  shares of no par
value preferred stock, of which 200,000 shares have been reserved and designated
Series A 1998 junior  participating  preferred stock for possible issuance under
the  Company's  shareholder  rights plan. As of September 30, 2005, no preferred
shares have been issued.

9.  RETIREMENT PLAN:
The Company maintains a 401(k) defined contribution pension plan. Annual expense
provisions  are based  upon the  level of  employee  participation,  as the plan
requires the Company to match a certain portion of the employees' contributions.
Total retirement plan expense was $1,421,000, $1,177,000 and $1,015,000 in 2005,
2004  and  2003,  respectively.  The  Company  follows  the  policy  of  funding
retirement plan contributions as accrued.

10.  INCOME TAXES:
The following table represents the components of the provision for income taxes:

<TABLE>

                                             For the Years Ended September 30
                                         ---------------------------------------
     (In thousands)                          2005         2004         2003
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     <S>                                   <C>          <C>          <C>

     Current:
       Federal                             $15,237      $15,453      $ 3,043
       State and local                       2,346        1,882          160
       Foreign                               2,517          830         (378)
                                           -------      -------      -------
                                            20,100       18,165        2,825
                                           =======      =======      =======

     Deferred:
        Federal                               (736)        (141)         166
        State and local                        (89)         (11)          14
        Foreign                               (781)       2,393        1,135
                                           -------     --------     --------
                                            (1,606)       2,241        1,315
                                           -------     --------     --------
                                           $18,494      $20,406      $ 4,140
                                           =======     ========     ========
</TABLE>


Net income before income taxes in the United States was $47,235,000, $46,814,000
and $10,669,000 in 2005, 2004 and 2003,  respectively.  Net income before income
taxes in Mexico was  $7,572,000,  $8,798,000  and  $2,623,000 in 2005,  2004 and
2003, respectively.

The  Company's  share  of  undistributed   earnings  of  the  Company's  foreign
subsidiary of  approximately  $23,000,000  and $17,104,000 at September 30, 2005
and  2004,   respectively,   are  considered  to  be  indefinitely   reinvested.
Accordingly,  the  calculation  of and  provision  for  deferred  taxes  are not
practicable.  Upon  distribution  of those  earnings in the form of dividends or
otherwise, the earnings may become taxable.

                                       23
<PAGE>

Deferred  income taxes are recorded at currently  enacted  rates and result from
temporary  differences  in the  recognition of revenues and expenses for tax and
financial statement purposes.  The primary temporary  differences giving rise to
the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:


<TABLE>

                                                            September 30
                                                   -----------------------------
        (In thousands)                                 2005           2004
        ------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>                                        <C>             <C>
        Deferred tax assets:
          Inventory capitalization                 $    386         $    417
          Provision for doubtful accounts             1,331            1,026
          Non deductible liabilities                    830            1,120
          Other                                          54               51
                                                   ---------        ---------
             Total deferred tax assets                2,601            2,614
                                                   ---------        ---------
        Deferred tax liabilities:
          Accelerated depreciation                    9,758           11,126
          Assets deductible for tax purposes          5,970            6,241
          Undistributed earnings of
            unconsolidated affiliate                  1,409              979
          Other                                          69               92
                                                   ---------        ---------
             Total deferred tax liabilities          17,206           18,438
                                                   ---------        ---------
        Net deferred tax liabilities               $ 14,605         $ 15,824
                                                   =========        =========
</TABLE>


A  reconciliation  of the  provision  for income taxes with amounts  computed by
applying the federal statutory rate to income before income taxes follows:
<TABLE>

                                             For the Years Ended September 30
                                             --------------------------------
                                               2005       2004       2003
                                               ----       ----       ----
    <S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
    Tax at U.S. federal statutory rate         35.0%      35.0%      34.0%
    State and local income taxes, net
       of U.S. federal tax benefit              2.2        2.8        3.1
    Equity in net income of
       unconsolidated affiliates               (2.5)      (1.4)      (2.2)
    Revision of prior year income tax
       estimates and adjustment for
       state income tax matter                  1.0         -        (4.2)
    Reduction in foreign statutory
       income tax rate                         (1.5)      (0.2)      (0.6)
    Other, net                                 (0.5)       0.5        1.0
                                               ----       ----       ----
                                               33.7%      36.7%      31.1%
                                               ====       ====       ====
</TABLE>

                                       24
<PAGE>
11.  SEGMENT INFORMATION:
The Company operates in one reportable  segment as an intermediate  processor of
flat rolled steel.  Sales are  attributed to countries  based on the location of
the  facility  which  fulfilled  the  customers'   order.  The  following  table
summarizes the Company's  sales and long-lived  assets by geographic  region for
the years ending September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003.

<TABLE>

(In thousands)                      2005             2004              2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>               <C>               <C>
Sales:
   United States                  $ 855,836        $ 685,074         $ 455,391
   Mexico                           145,955          101,778            57,313
                               --------------   --------------    --------------
     Total                       $1,001,791        $ 786,852         $ 512,704
                               ==============   ==============    ==============
</TABLE>


The following  table  summarizes the Company's  long-lived  assets by geographic
region at September 30, 2005 and 2004.

<TABLE>

(In thousands)                      2005             2004
---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>               <C>
Long-lived assets:
   United States                  $ 117,860        $ 116,278
   Mexico                            10,789           10,463
                               --------------   ---------------
     Total                        $ 128,649        $ 126,741
                               ==============   ===============
</TABLE>

12.  OPERATING LEASES:
The Company  leases  certain  property and  equipment  from third  parties under
non-cancelable  operating lease agreements.  Rent expense under operating leases
was  $1,997,000,  $1,767,000 and  $1,540,000  for the years ended  September 30,
2005,   2004  and  2003,   respectively.   Future  minimum  lease  payments  for
non-cancelable operating leases having a remaining term in excess of one year at
September 30, 2005 are as follows:

                  2006               $1,173,000
                  2007                1,081,000
                  2008                  955,000
                  2009                  658,000
                  2010                  221,000
                  Thereafter             45,000
                                  --------------
                  Total              $4,133,000
                                  ==============

13.  CONTINGENCIES:
From time to time, in the normal course of business,  the Company is involved in
certain  litigation and claims pending with respect to various business matters.
In the event there is any resulting liability with respect to such claims, it is
management's  opinion  they will not have a  material  affect  on the  Company's
consolidated financial statements.

14.  STOCK OPTION PLANS:
Under its employee stock option plans, the Company may grant employees incentive
stock  options to purchase  shares at not less than 100% of market value at date
of  grant  or  non-qualified   stock  options  at  a  price  determined  by  the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.  Generally,  options
are  exercisable at the rate of 20% a year beginning one year from date of grant
and expire ten years from the date of grant.

As permitted under APB 25, the Company does not recognize  compensation  expense
related to stock options, as no stock options are granted below the market price
on the date of grant (see Note 1).



                                       25
<PAGE>

The fair value of each option  grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes  option-pricing model with the following  assumptions for the year
ended September 30, 2003:


<Table>

                                              2003
                                              ----
<S>                                          <C>
Expected dividend yield                        1.5%
Expected stock price volatility               46.0%
Weighted average risk-free interest rate       3.5%
Expected life of options (years)               7.0
</Table>

There were no options  granted  during 2005 and 2004.  The fair value of options
granted during 2003 was $6.13 per share.

The summary of the status of all of the Company's  stock  incentive  plans as of
September  30,  2005,  2004 and 2003 and changes  during the years then ended is
presented below:


<TABLE>
                                                                     Weighted
                                                                      Average
                                Shares Under    Range of Option      Exercise
                                   Plans        Prices Per Share       Price
                                ------------  ---------------------  --------
   <S>                             <C>        <C>                    <C>
   Balance, September 30, 2002     570,650    $  5.34  -  $   12.00  $  8.94
   Granted                         195,000    $ 10.49  -  $   11.54  $ 10.72
   Exercised                      (150,385)   $  5.34  -  $   11.63  $ 10.33
   Canceled                         (1,000)        $  11.38          $ 11.38
                                   -------    ---------------------  -------
   Balance, September 30, 2003     614,265    $  5.34  -  $   12.00  $  9.16
   Granted                             -               -                  -
   Exercised                      (182,006)   $  5.34  -  $   12.00  $  9.27
   Canceled                            -               -                  -
                                   -------    ---------------------  -------
   Balance, September 30, 2004     432,259    $  5.34  -  $   11.94  $  9.11
   Granted                             -               -                  -
   Exercised                      (127,759)   $  5.34  -  $   11.63  $  8.60
   Canceled                            -               -                  -
                                   -------    ---------------------  -------
   Balance, September 30, 2005     304,500    $  5.34  -  $   11.94  $  9.32
                                   =======    =====================  =======
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes  information about stock options  outstanding and
exercisable:
<TABLE>
                                         September 30, 2005
                 ---------------------------------------------------------------
                           Options Outstanding:            Options Exercisable:
                 ------------------------------------  -------------------------
                                 Weighted
                                 Average    Weighted
                      Number    Remaining    Average    Number
     Range of      Outstanding  Contracted  Exercise  Exercisable   Weighted
  Exercise Prices  at 9/30/05     Life       Price    at 9/30/05  Exercise Price
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>
 $ 5.34 - $ 8.00      86,200        5.12     $ 5.34      43,400     $ 5.34
 $ 8.00 - $11.94     218,300        5.82     $10.89     105,500     $11.12
----------------     -------    ----------   ------     -------    -------
 $ 5.34 - $11.94     304,500        5.62     $ 9.32     148,900     $ 9.43
================     =======    ==========   ======     =======    =======

</TABLE>


                                       26
<PAGE>

At September 30, 2005,  there were 91,000 shares available for granting of stock
options  under the  Company's  stock option  plans.  Subsequent  to year end, on
November 4, 2005,  the Company  granted the  remaining  91,000  shares under the
Company's stock option plans. All unexercised options expire from 2008 to 2014.

15.  NET INCOME PER SHARE COMPUTATIONS:
The following is a reconciliation  of the numerator of the basic and diluted per
share computations:

<TABLE>
                                                         For the Years Ended
                                                           September 30
                                                     --------------------------
(In thousands, except per share results)             2005      2004       2003
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>       <C>       <C>
 Net income .....................................  $36,313   $ 35,206  $ 9,152

 Shares (denominator) used for diluted per share
  computations:
  Weighted average shares of common stock
  outstanding ...................................    12,894    11,284     9,748
  Plus: dilutive effect of stock options ........       204       249       151
                                                    -------   -------   -------
      Adjusted weighted average shares ..........    13,098    11,533     9,899
                                                    -------   -------   -------
Shares (denominator) used for basic per share
  computations:
  Weighted average shares of common stock
  outstanding ...................................    12,894    11,284     9,748

   Net income per share data:
      Basic .....................................   $  2.82   $  3.12   $  0.94
      Diluted ...................................   $  2.77   $  3.05   $  0.92
</TABLE>


All  outstanding  options  are  included  in  the  diluted  earnings  per  share
calculation  above for the years ended  September 30, 2005 and 2004.  Options to
purchase 175,665 shares for the year ended September 30, 2003 were excluded from
the  calculation  above because the exercise  prices of the options were greater
than the average market price of the Company's stock during the periods.


16.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:
The Company has various transactions with Mi-Tech Steel (see Note 5).

The Company has recorded  sales of  $17,764,000,  $18,369,000  and $6,936,000 in
2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, and has accounts receivable of $2,508,000 and
$4,714,000 as of September 30, 2005 and 2004,  respectively,  for scrap products
sold to a company  owned by  certain  officers  and  directors  of the  Company.
Management  reports these  transactions  to the Audit  Committee of the Board of
Directors as frequently as requested by the  Committee,  but at least  annually.
Most recently,  in April 2005, the Audit  Committee  reviewed and approved these
transactions.  The Company has the  ability to continue or cease  selling  scrap
steel to this company at any time.

17.  MAJOR CUSTOMERS:
Sales to one customer  accounted for approximately 12% of the Company's sales in
fiscal  2005.  No single  customer  accounted  for more than 10% of our sales in
fiscal 2004 and 2003.  The loss of this customer  could have a material  adverse
effect on the  Company's  results of  operations,  financial  position  and cash
flows.

18.  IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:
On December 16, 2004,  the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB) issued
Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standard  (SFAS) No.  123(R),  "Share-Based
Payment," that addresses the accounting for share-based payment  transactions in
which an  enterprise  receives  employee  services  in  exchange  for (a) equity
instruments  of the  enterprise  or (b)  liabilities  that are based on the fair
value of the  enterprise's  equity  instruments  or that may be  settled  by the
issuance of such equity  instruments.  SFAS No. 123(R) eliminates the ability to
account for share-based  compensation  transactions using APB Opinion No. 25 and
requires   instead   that   such   transactions   be   accounted   for  using  a
fair-value based method.


                                       27
<PAGE>


SFAS No. 123(R) is effective for any annual period beginning after June 15, 2005
and permits public companies to choose between a "modified  prospective"  method
and a "modified  retrospective" method. Under the "modified prospective" method,
compensation  cost is recognized for all share-based  payments granted after the
effective  date and for all awards  granted to employees  prior to the effective
date of SFAS No. 123(R) that remain  unvested on the effective  date.  Under the
"modified  retrospective"  method,  compensation  cost is  recognized  using the
modified  prospective  method  described  above,  but also  permits  entities to
restate  based on the  amounts  previously  recognized  under  SFAS No.  123 for
purposes of pro forma  disclosures  for either all prior  periods  presented  or
prior interim periods of the year of adoption.

The  Company  adopted  SFAS No.  123(R) on  October  1, 2005 and has  chosen the
"modified  prospective"  method.  The adoption of SFAS No.  123(R) on October 1,
2005 did not have a  material  impact  on our  financial  position,  results  of
operations  or cash flows.  Stock option  expense after the adoption of SFAS No.
123(R) is not expected to be materially  different  than the table in Note 1 and
is dependent on levels of share-based payments granted in the future.

In May  2005,  the FASB  issued  SFAS No.  154,  "Accounting  Changes  and Error
Corrections, a replacement of APB No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3." SFAS No. 154
requires  retrospective  application to prior periods' financial statements of a
voluntary change in accounting  principle unless it is impractical.  APB Opinion
No. 20, "Accounting Changes," previously required that most voluntary changes in
accounting  principle be  recognized by including in net income of the period of
the change the cumulative  effect of changing to the new  accounting  principle.
This  statement is effective for our Company as of October 1, 2006.  The Company
will  apply  the  requirements  of SFAS No.  154 on any  changes  in  accounting
principle made on or after October 1, 2006.

On October 22, 2004 the  American  Jobs  Creation  Act of 2004 was passed and is
effective  for  fiscal  2006.  This law  provides  a phased in  deduction  for a
percentage of qualified income from domestic production activities and a special
one-time tax deduction on the repatriation of foreign  earnings.  The Company is
assessing the impact of this change in tax law.

In  December  2004,  the FASB issued SFAS No.  153,  "Exchanges  of  Nonmonetary
Assets,  an  amendment  of APB  Opinion  No.  29." SFAS No.  153 is based on the
principle that  exchanges of nonmonetary  assets should be measured based on the
fair  value of the  assets  exchanged.  APB  Opinion  No.  29,  "Accounting  for
Nonmonetary  Transactions,"  provided  an  exception  to its  basic  measurement
principle  (fair value) for exchanges of similar  productive  assets.  Under APB
Opinion No. 29, an exchange of a productive asset for a similar productive asset
was  based on the  recorded  amount  of the  asset  relinquished.  SFAS No.  153
eliminates  this  exception  and  replaces it with an  exception of exchanges of
nonmonetary  assets that do not have commercial  substance.  SFAS No. 153 became
effective for our Company as of July 1, 2005 and did not have a material  impact
on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151,  "Inventory Costs - an Amendment
of ARB No.  43." SFAS No.  151  amends the  guidance  in ARB No. 43,  Chapter 4,
"Inventory  Pricing," to clarify the  accounting  for  abnormal  amounts of idle
facility expense, freight, handling costs, and spoilage, and requires that these
items be recognized as  current-period  charges  regardless of whether they meet
the  criterion  of "so  abnormal."  In  addition,  SFAS No.  151  requires  that
allocation of fixed production  overheads to the costs of conversion be based on
the normal capacity of the production facilities. The provisions of SFAS No. 151
are effective for inventory  costs incurred  during fiscal years beginning after
June 15, 2005, with earlier application permitted.  The adoption of SFAS No. 151
on  October 1, 2005 did not have a material  impact on our  financial  position,
results of operations or cash flows.


                                       28
<PAGE>


              Management's Responsibility for Financial Information

Our management is responsible for the preparation,  presentation,  and integrity
of the financial  information  presented in this Annual Report. The consolidated
financial  statements  were prepared in conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally  accepted in the United States of America  (GAAP),  including  amounts
based on management's best estimates and judgments. In management's opinion, the
consolidated   financial  statements  fairly  present  the  Company's  financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors,  which is composed of independent
directors,  meets regularly with the independent  registered  public  accounting
firm,  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, and  representatives of management to review
accounting,   internal  control  structure,  and  financial  reporting  matters.
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP has full and free access to the Audit Committee.  As
set forth in our Code of Business  Conduct,  we are firmly committed to adhering
to the highest  standards of moral and ethical  behaviors in all of our business
activities.

        Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management  is  also  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate
internal  control over financial  reporting,  as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934.  Our  internal  control  over  financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements for external
purposes in accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted in the
United States of America.

Under our supervision, and with the participation of management, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework and criteria in "Internal  Control - Integrated
Framework"  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway
Commission.  Based on this evaluation,  management  concluded that the Company's
internal  control over  financial  reporting  was  effective as of September 30,
2005.

Management's  assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's  internal control
over financial  reporting as of September 30, 2005 and the  effectiveness of the
Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  have been  audited  by
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, an independent  registered  public accounting firm,
who also audited the Company's consolidated  financial statements,  as stated in
their report which appears on pages 30-31.




Bradford T. Ray
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer



Joseph P. Bellino
Chief Financial Officer


                                       29


<PAGE>


             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Steel Technologies Inc.:

We have  completed  an  integrated  audit  of  Steel  Technologies  Inc.'s  2005
consolidated  financial  statements  and of its internal  control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2005 and audits of its 2004 and 2003  consolidated
financial  statements  in accordance  with the  standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Our opinions,  based on our audits,
are presented below.

Consolidated financial statements
---------------------------------

In our opinion,  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets and the related
consolidated  statements of income,  comprehensive income,  shareholders' equity
and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects,  the financial position
of Steel  Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries at September 30, 2005 and 2004,
and the results of their  operations  and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period  ended  September  30, 2005 in  conformity  with  accounting
principles  generally accepted in the United States of America.  These financial
statements   are  the   responsibility   of  the   Company's   management.   Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.  We conducted our audits of these  statements in accordance with the
standards of the Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States).
Those standards  require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance   about  whether  the  financial   statements  are  free  of  material
misstatement.  An audit of financial  statements includes  examining,  on a test
basis,  evidence  supporting  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial
statements,  assessing the accounting  principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Internal control over financial reporting
-----------------------------------------

Also, in our opinion,  management's assessment,  included in Management's Report
on Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting  appearing on page 29, that the
Company  maintained  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of
September  30,  2005  based on  criteria  established  in  "Internal  Control  -
Integrated Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO), is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on
those criteria.  Furthermore,  in our opinion,  the Company  maintained,  in all
material  respects,  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of
September  30,  2005,  based on  criteria  established  in  "Internal  Control -
Integrated   Framework"  issued  by  the  COSO.  The  Company's   management  is
responsible for maintaining  effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the  effectiveness  of internal control over financial
reporting.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on management's assessment
and on the  effectiveness  of the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  based on our audit.  We conducted our audit of internal  control over
financial  reporting in  accordance  with the  standards  of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects.  An  audit of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes
obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,
evaluating  management's  assessment,  testing  and  evaluating  the  design and
operating   effectiveness  of  internal  control,   and  performing  such  other
procedures as we consider  necessary in the  circumstances.  We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.

                                       30
<PAGE>

A company's  internal control over financial  reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the reliability of financial  reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the  assets  of  the  company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company;  and (iii) provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention or
timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Louisville, Kentucky
December 9, 2005

                                       31
<PAGE>

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Interest Rate Risk

At September 30, 2005, our debt is comprised of  variable-rate  borrowings under
our line of credit facility and $50,000,000 in unsecured senior notes which have
a weighted average fixed interest rate of 5.67%. As of September 30, 2005, there
was $30,000,000 outstanding on the line of credit facility at a weighted average
interest rate of 4.29%.  Accordingly,  we are exposed to market risks related to
changes in  interest  rates.  We  continually  monitor  these  risks and develop
appropriate  strategies to manage them.  Accordingly,  from time to time, we may
enter into certain  derivative  financial  instruments  to manage  interest rate
exposures. We do not enter into derivative financial instrument transactions for
speculative purposes.

In order to mitigate a portion of the market risk on its variable rate debt, the
Company entered an interest rate swap contract with major financial institutions
on June 20, 2005.  The interest rate swap  contract  will  commence  December 8,
2005.  Under the terms of the  contract,  which matures in September  2008,  the
Company will receive a LIBOR based variable interest rate (3.54% as of September
30,  2005)  and pay a fixed  interest  rate of 4.31%  on a  notional  amount  of
$30,000,000.  The variable  interest  rate paid on the  contracts is  determined
based on LIBOR on the last  day of the  applicable  borrowing  period,  which is
consistent with the variable rate determination on the underlying debt.

The following table summarizes  principal cash flows of the Company's  long-term
debt, interest expense and interest rate swaps at September 30, 2005 by expected
maturity  dates.  Interest  expense  below  includes the  estimated  contractual
interest  payments under our debt agreements net of the effect of the associated
interest rate swap  agreement,  assuming no change in the variable LIBOR rate or
amounts outstanding under our existing debt agreements as of September 30, 2005.

(In thousands, except for interest rates)
-----------------------------------------
<TABLE>
                                                                                                                          Fair
                                                                                                                         Market
                          2006         2007        2008         2009         2010       Thereafter         Total          Value
                        ---------    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------------    -----------    -----------
<S>                       <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>                <C>            <C>
 Long-term debt
(fixed)                  $   -        $  -       $  -        $   -         $  -         $50,000         $50,000          $49,638
 Long-term debt
(variable)                   -           -          -         30,000          -             -            30,000           30,000
 Interest expense          4,313       4,351      4,332        4,013        2,833         9,969          29,811             n/a
 Interest rate swap           64          64         57          -            -             -               185              185

</TABLE>

Subsequent  to year end, on October 11,  2005,  the Company  amended its line of
credit  facility  with its existing  bank group to extend the  maturity  date to
October 2010 and improve its interest rates.

                                       32
<PAGE>
Foreign Currency Risk

The  translation of the assets and  liabilities of our Mexican  subsidiary  from
their local  currencies to the U.S.  dollar  subjects us to exposure  related to
fluctuating  exchange rates. We do not use any derivative  instruments to manage
this risk.

Our Mexican  subsidiary uses the peso as the functional  currency and the assets
and liabilities of our Mexican  subsidiary are translated  into U.S.  dollars at
the  year-end  rate  of  exchange.   Resulting   translation   adjustments  were
$2,021,000,  ($902,000)  and  ($2,201,000)  during  fiscal 2005,  2004 and 2003,
respectively, and are reported in comprehensive income. A stronger exchange rate
of the peso relative to the U.S. dollar of 1% at September 30, 2005 would result
in additional comprehensive income of approximately $400,000. Likewise, a weaker
exchange  rate of the peso  relative to the U.S.  dollar of 1% at  September 30,
2005 would result in additional comprehensive loss of approximately $400,000.

However,   this  exposure  is  mitigated  somewhat  by  a  large  percentage  of
transactions  denominated  in the U.S.  dollar.  The effect of the change in the
exchange  rate  from  the  date a  transaction  is  initiated  until  the date a
transaction  is settled  with a cash  receipt or cash  payment is  recorded as a
transaction  gain  or  loss  in  our  financial  statements.   Foreign  currency
transaction  (losses)  gains  included in sales were  $(855,000),  $468,000  and
$353,000 during fiscal 2005,  2004 and 2003,  respectively.  A stronger  average
exchange rate of the peso during  fiscal 2005 relative to the U.S.  dollar of 1%
would result in additional foreign currency  transaction losses of approximately
$300,000.  Likewise,  a weaker  average  exchange rate of the peso during fiscal
2005  relative  to the U.S.  dollar  of 1% would  result in  additional  foreign
currency transaction gains of approximately $300,000.


                                       33

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT 21
                             STEEL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                           SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES

<TABLE>


                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                             Voting
                                                             Names Under                   Securities
                                 Jurisdiction of           Which Business                   Owned By
Name                              Incorporation             Transacted                     Registrant
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>                    <C>                        <C>
Steel Technologies, LLC              South Carolina     Steel Technologies Carolinas    100%
(Formerly Steel Technologies
Carolinas, Inc.)

Steel Technologies Co.               Delaware           Steel Technologies              1% by Registrant;
(Formerly Steel Technologies, L.P.)                                                     99% by General Partner
                                                                                        Steel Technologies, LLC

Steel Technologies Corp.             Ohio               Steel Technologies Ohio         100%
(Formerly Roberts Steel
Company; Steel Technologies,
LLC (Ohio) was merged into
Steel Technologies Corp.
on January 12, 2005.)

Steel Technologies Ohio, Inc.        Ohio                                               100%
(Formerly Southern Strip Steel-
Columbus, Inc.)

Custom Steel, Inc.                   Kentucky           Custom Steel                    100%

Steel Technologies de                Mexico             Steel Technologies de Mexico     90%
Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
(Formerly Transformadora y
Commercializadora de
Metales, S.A. de C.V.)

Mi-Tech Steel, Inc.                  Delaware           Mi-Tech Steel, Inc.              50%

Ferrolux Metals Co., LCC             Ohio               Ferrolux                         49%
</TABLE>


<PAGE>



                                   EXHIBIT 23
            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-21279, 333-21359,  333-91798,  333-118548,
and 333-123334) of Steel  Technologies  Inc. and its  subsidiaries of our report
dated  December  9, 2005  relating  to the  consolidated  financial  statements,
management's  assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting and the  effectiveness of internal  control over financial  reporting,
which appears in the Annual Report to  Shareholders,  which is  incorporated  in
this  Annual  Report on Form  10-K.  We also  consent  to the  incorporation  by
reference  of our  report  dated  December  9, 2005  relating  to the  financial
statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K.







/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Louisville, Kentucky
December 9, 2005


<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT 31.1
                CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Bradford T. Ray, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steel  Technologies Inc.
     for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material  fact or omit to state a  material  fact  necessary  to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances  under which such statements
     were made,  not  misleading  with  respect  to the  period  covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information  included  in  this  report,  fairly  present  in all  material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal  control over
     financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or caused such
          disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  be  designed   under  our
          supervision,  to ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
          registrant,  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities,  particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;

     b)   Designed such internal  control over  financial  reporting,  or caused
          such internal  control over  financial  reporting to be designed under
          our  supervision,   to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the
          reliability  of financial  reporting and the  preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;

     c)   Evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions  about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

     d)   Disclosed  in this  report  any  change in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          fourth fiscal quarter that has materially  affected,  or is reasonably
          likely to materially  affect,  the registrant's  internal control over
          financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation  of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
          reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material,  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: December 9, 2005

/s/ Bradford. T. Ray
--------------------
Bradford T. Ray
Chief Executive Officer
<page>

                                  EXHIBIT 31.2
                CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Joseph P. Bellino, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steel  Technologies Inc.
     for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material  fact or omit to state a  material  fact  necessary  to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances  under which such statements
     were made,  not  misleading  with  respect  to the  period  covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information  included  in  this  report,  fairly  present  in all  material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal  control over
     financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or caused such
          disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  be  designed   under  our
          supervision,  to ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
          registrant,  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities,  particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;

     b)   Designed such internal  control over  financial  reporting,  or caused
          such internal  control over  financial  reporting to be designed under
          our  supervision,   to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the
          reliability  of financial  reporting and the  preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;

     c)   Evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions  about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

     d)   Disclosed  in this  report  any  change in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          fourth fiscal quarter that has materially  affected,  or is reasonably
          likely to materially  affect,  the registrant's  internal control over
          financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation  of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
          reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material,  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date:  December 9, 2005

/s/ Joseph P. Bellino
---------------------
Joseph P. Bellino
Chief Financial Officer
<page>

                                  EXHIBIT 32.1


                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
             PURSUANT TO TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 1350
      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Pursuant to Title 18, United States Code,  Section 1350,  as adopted pursuant to
Section 906  of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002,  I,  Bradford  T.  Ray,  Chief
Executive Officer of Steel Technologies Inc., (the Company) certify, to the best
of my  knowledge,  based upon a review of the Annual  Report on Form 10-K of the
Company for the year ended September 30, 2005 (the Report):


(1)  The Report fully complies with the  requirements of  Section 13(a) or 15(d)
     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)  The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all material
     respects,  the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
     as of and for the periods presented in the Report.

/s/ Bradford T. Ray
--------------------
Bradford T. Ray
Chief Executive Officer
Date: December 9, 2005

<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 32.2


                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
             PURSUANT TO TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 1350
      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Pursuant to Title 18, United States Code,  Section 1350,  as adopted pursuant to
Section 906  of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002,  I,  Joseph P. Bellino,  Chief
Financial Officer of Steel Technologies Inc., (the Company) certify, to the best
of my  knowledge,  based upon a review of the Annual  Report on Form 10-K of the
Company for the year ended September 30, 2005 (the Report):

(1)  The Report fully complies with the  requirements of  Section 13(a) or 15(d)
     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)  The information  contained in the Report fairly  presents,  in all material
     respects,  the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
     as of and for the periods presented in the Report.

/s/ Joseph P. Bellino
---------------------
Joseph P. Bellino
Chief  Financial  Officer
Date: December 9, 2005

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>

