<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>kwi10k2005.txt
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 - For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005
                                                        -----------------
                         Commission file number 1-31763

                             KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                            76-0294959
-------------------------------                            -------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of                              (IRS Employer
 incorporation or organization)                            Identification No.)

5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1700, Dallas, Texas                    75240-2697
-------------------------------------------                   ------------
 (Address of principal executive offices)                      (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:          (972) 233-1700
                                                             --------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                   Name of each exchange on
     Title of each class                                which registered
   -----------------------                       ----------------------------
        Common stock                                New York Stock Exchange
      ($.01 par value)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                  None.

Indicate by check mark:

     If the Registrant is a well-known  seasoned issuer,  as defined in Rule 405
     of the Securities Act. Yes    No X
                               ---   ---

     If the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
     Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    No X
                                  ---   ---

     Whether the  Registrant  (1) has filed all reports  required to be filed by
     Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934  during  the
     preceding  12 months and (2) has been  subject to such filing  requirements
     for the past 90 days. Yes X  No
                              ---   ---

     If disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K
     is not  contained  herein,  and  will  not be  contained,  to the  best  of
     Registrant's  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy or  information  statements
     incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
     this Form 10-K. Yes    No X
                        ---   ---

     Whether the Registrant is a large  accelerated  filer, an accelerated filer
     or a  non-accelerated  filer (as  defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Large
     accelerated filer    Accelerated filer X  Non-accelerated filer
                      ---                  ---                      ---

     Whether the  Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
     Act). Yes    No X
              ---   ---

The  aggregate  market  value of the 3.5 million  shares of voting stock held by
nonaffiliates of Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc. as of June 30, 2005 (the last business
day  of  the  Registrant's  most   recently-completed   second  fiscal  quarter)
approximated $104 million.

As of February 28, 2006, 48,949,549 shares of the Registrant's common stock were
outstanding.

                       Documents incorporated by reference
                      -------------------------------------

The  information  required by Part III is  incorporated  by  reference  from the
Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant
to  Regulation  14A not later  than 120 days  after the end of the  fiscal  year
covered by this report.



                                     PART I


ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

     Kronos Worldwide, Inc., (NYSE: KRO) organized as a Delaware corporation, is
a leading global producer and marketer of value-added  titanium dioxide pigments
("TiO2").  Approximately  one-half  of the  Company's  2005 sales  volumes  were
attributable to markets in Europe. The Company believes it is the second largest
producer of TiO2 in Europe with an  estimated  20% share of European  TiO2 sales
volumes.  The Company has an estimated  15% share of North  American  TiO2 sales
volume.  Kronos has production  facilities  throughout Europe and North America.
Kronos  and its  consolidated  subsidiaries  are  sometimes  referred  to herein
collectively as the "Company."

     At December 31, 2005, (i) Valhi, Inc (NYSE: VHI) held  approximately 57% of
the Company's common stock and NL Industries, Inc. (NYSE: NL) held an additional
36% of the outstanding common stock of the Company,  (ii) Valhi held 83% of NL's
outstanding common stock and (iii) Contran Corporation and its subsidiaries held
approximately  92% of Valhi's  outstanding  common stock.  Substantially  all of
Contran's outstanding voting stock is held by trusts established for the benefit
of certain children and  grandchildren of Harold C. Simmons of which Mr. Simmons
is sole trustee,  or is held by Mr. Simmons or persons or other entities related
to Mr.  Simmons.  Consequently,  Mr.  Simmons  may be  deemed  to  control  such
companies.

     As  provided  by the  safe  harbor  provisions  of the  Private  Securities
Litigation  Reform Act of 1995, the Company cautions that the statements in this
Annual  Report on Form 10-K relating to matters that are not  historical  facts,
including,  but not limited to,  statements  found in this Item 1 -  "Business,"
Item 1A - "Risk Factors," Item 3 - "Legal  Proceedings,"  Item 7 - "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of  Operations"  and
Item 7A -  "Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosures  About Market Risk," are
forward-looking  statements that represent  management's beliefs and assumptions
based on currently  available  information.  Forward-looking  statements  can be
identified by the use of words such as "believes,"  "intends,"  "may," "should,"
"could," "anticipates," "expected" or comparable terminology,  or by discussions
of strategies  or trends.  Although the Company  believes that the  expectations
reflected in such forward-looking  statements are reasonable, it cannot give any
assurances that these expectations will prove to be correct.  Such statements by
their  nature   involve   substantial   risks  and   uncertainties   that  could
significantly  impact expected  results,  and actual future results could differ
materially from those described in such forward-looking statements.  While it is
not possible to identify all factors,  the Company  continues to face many risks
and  uncertainties.  Among the factors that could cause actual future results to
differ  materially from those described  herein are the risks and  uncertainties
discussed  in this Annual  Report and those  described  from time to time in the
Company's  other  filings  with  the SEC  including,  but not  limited  to,  the
following:

o    Future supply and demand for the Company's products,
o    The extent of the  dependence  of certain of the  Company's  businesses  on
     certain market sectors,
o    The cyclicality of the Company's businesses,
o    Customer  inventory  levels  (such as the  extent  to which  the  Company's
     customers may, from time to time,  accelerate  purchases of TiO2 in advance
     of  anticipated  price  increases or defer  purchases of TiO2 in advance of
     anticipated price decreases),
o    Changes in raw material and other operating costs (such as energy costs),
o    The possibility of labor disruptions,
o    General global  economic and political  conditions  (such as changes in the
     level of gross  domestic  product in  various  regions of the world and the
     impact of such changes on demand for TiO2),
o    Competitive products and substitute products,
o    Customer and competitor strategies,
o    The impact of pricing and production decisions,
o    Competitive technology positions,
o    The introduction of trade barriers,
o    Fluctuations  in currency  exchange  rates (such as changes in the exchange
     rate between the U.S. dollar and each of the euro, the Norwegian kroner and
     the Canadian dollar),
o    Operating  interruptions  (including,  but not limited to, labor  disputes,
     leaks,  natural  disasters,  fires,  explosions,  unscheduled  or unplanned
     downtime and transportation interruptions),
o    The timing and amounts of insurance recoveries,
o    The ability of the Company to renew or refinance credit facilities,
o    The ultimate  outcome of income tax audits,  tax settlement  initiatives or
     other tax matters,
o    The  ultimate  ability to utilize  income tax  attributes,  the benefits of
     which have been  recognized  under the  "more-likely-than-not"  recognition
     criteria,
o    Environmental matters (such as those requiring compliance with emission and
     discharge standards for existing and new facilities),
o    Government laws and regulations and possible changes therein,
o    The ultimate resolution of pending litigation, and
o    Possible future litigation.

     Should one or more of these risks  materialize (or the consequences of such
a development  worsen),  or should the underlying  assumptions  prove incorrect,
actual  results  could differ  materially  from those  currently  forecasted  or
expected.  The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise
any  forward-looking  statement  whether as a result of changes in  information,
future events or otherwise.

     Industry.  Titanium dioxide pigments are inorganic  chemical  products used
for imparting  whiteness,  brightness and opacity to a diverse range of customer
applications and end-use markets,  including coatings,  plastics, paper, fibers,
food,  ceramics and cosmetics.  TiO2 is considered a  "quality-of-life"  product
with demand affected by gross domestic  product in various regions of the world.
TiO2, the largest  commercially  used whitening  pigment by volume,  derives its
value from its whitening properties and opacifying ability (commonly referred to
as hiding power).  As a result of TiO2's high  refractive  index rating,  it can
provide more hiding power than any other commercially produced white pigment. In
addition,  TiO2  demonstrates  excellent  resistance  to chemical  attack,  good
thermal stability and resistance to ultraviolet degradation. TiO2 is supplied to
customers in either a powder or slurry form.

     Per capita  consumption of TiO2 in the United States and Western Europe far
exceeds  that in other  areas of the world and these  regions  are  expected  to
continue  to be the  largest  consumers  of TiO2.  Significant  markets for TiO2
consumption  could  emerge  in  Eastern  Europe,  the Far  East or  China as the
economies in these regions develop to the point that  quality-of-life  products,
including TiO2, experience greater demand.  Geographic  information is contained
in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Products and operations.  TiO2 is produced in two crystalline forms: rutile
and  anatase.  Both the  chloride and sulfate  production  processes  (discussed
below)  produce  rutile  TiO2.  Chloride  process  rutile is  preferred  for the
majority of customer applications. From a technical standpoint, chloride process
rutile has a bluer  undertone and higher  durability than sulfate process rutile
TiO2.  Although many end-use  applications can use either form of TiO2, chloride
process rutile TiO2 is the preferred form for use in coatings and plastics,  the
two largest end-use  markets.  Anatase TiO2,  which is produced only through the
sulfate  production  process,  represents  a much smaller  percentage  of annual
global TiO2  production  and is preferred for use in selected  paper,  ceramics,
rubber tires, man-made fibers, food and cosmetics.

     The Company  believes  that there are no  effective  substitutes  for TiO2.
Extenders, such as kaolin clays, calcium carbonate and polymeric opacifiers, are
used in a number of end-use  markets as white  pigments,  however the opacity in
these products is not able to duplicate the performance characteristics of TiO2,
and the Company believes these products are unlikely to replace TiO2.

     The Company  currently  produces over 40 different TiO2 grades,  sold under
the Kronos trademark,  which provide a variety of performance properties to meet
customers' specific requirements. The Company's major customers include domestic
and international paint, plastics and paper manufacturers.

     The Company  and its  distributors  and agents  sell and provide  technical
services for its products to over 4,000 customers in over 100 countries with the
majority of sales in Europe and North  America.  TiO2 is distributed by rail and
truck in either dry or slurry form and by ocean carrier in dry form. The Company
and its predecessors have produced and marketed TiO2 in North America and Europe
for over 80 years.  The  Company  believes  that it has  developed  considerable
expertise and efficiency in the manufacture,  sale,  shipment and service of its
products in domestic and international markets.

     Sales of TiO2  represented  about 90% of Kronos' total sales in 2005. Sales
of other products,  complementary to Kronos' TiO2 business, are comprised of the
following:

o    Kronos  owns  an  ilmenite  mine  in  Norway  and  operated  pursuant  to a
     governmental  concession with an unlimited term. Ilmenite is a raw material
     used directly as a feedstock by some sulfate-process TiO2 plants, including
     all of Kronos'  European  sulfate-process  plants.  The mine has  estimated
     reserves  that are  expected to last at least 50 years.  Ilmenite  sales to
     third-parties  represented  approximately 5% of the Company's  consolidated
     net sales in 2005.
o    Kronos manufactures and sells iron-based  chemicals,  which are by-products
     and processed  by-products of the TiO2 pigment  production  process.  These
     co-product chemicals are marketed through Kronos' Ecochem division, and are
     used  primarily  as  treatment  and  conditioning   agents  for  industrial
     effluents and municipal  wastewater as well as in the  manufacture  of iron
     pigments,  cement and agricultural  products.  Sales of iron-based chemical
     products were about 4% of sales in 2005.
o    Kronos  manufactures and sells certain titanium chemical products (titanium
     oxychloride and titanyl sulfate),  which are side-stream  products from the
     production of TiO2. Titanium oxychloride is used in specialty  applications
     in the formulation of pearlescent  pigments,  production of  electroceramic
     capacitors for cell phones and other  electronic  devices.  Titanyl sulfate
     products  are  used  primarily  in  pearlescent  pigments.  Sales  of these
     products were about 1% of sales in 2005.

     Manufacturing  process  and  raw  materials.  TiO2 is  manufactured  by the
Company using both the chloride process and the sulfate  process.  Approximately
73% of the  Company's  current  production  capacity  is based  on the  chloride
process.  The chloride process is a continuous process in which chlorine is used
to extract rutile TiO2. The chloride process  typically has lower  manufacturing
costs than the sulfate  process due to higher yield and production of less waste
and lower energy  requirements and labor costs.  Because much of the chlorine is
recycled and feedstock  bearing a higher titanium  content is used, the chloride
process produces less waste than the sulfate  process.  The sulfate process is a
batch  chemical  process  that  uses  sulfuric  acid to  extract  TiO2.  Sulfate
technology can produce either anatase or rutile  pigment.  Once an  intermediate
TiO2 pigment has been produced by either the chloride or sulfate process,  it is
"finished"  into  products  with  specific   performance   characteristics   for
particular end-use applications through proprietary  processes involving various
chemical  surface  treatments  and  intensive  micronizing  (milling).   Due  to
environmental  factors  and  customer  considerations,  the  proportion  of TiO2
industry sales represented by  chloride-process  pigments has increased relative
to sulfate-process pigments and, in 2005, chloride-process production facilities
represented approximately 64% of industry capacity.

     Kronos  produced a new Company  record 492,000 metric tons of TiO2 in 2005,
compared to the prior records of 484,000  metric tons in 2004 and 476,000 metric
tons in 2003. Such production amounts include the Company's one-half interest in
the  joint-venture  owned Louisiana plant discussed below. The Company's average
production capacity  utilization rates were near full capacity in 2003, 2004 and
2005.  Kronos'  production  capacity has increased by approximately 30% over the
past ten years due to  debottlenecking  programs,  with  only  moderate  capital
expenditures. The Company believes its annual attainable production capacity for
2006 is approximately  510,000 metric tons, with some slight additional capacity
available in 2007 through Kronos' continued debottlenecking efforts.

     The primary raw materials used in the TiO2 chloride  production process are
titanium-containing   feedstock,  chlorine  and  coke.  Chlorine  and  coke  are
available from a number of suppliers. Titanium-containing feedstock suitable for
use in the chloride process is available from a limited but increasing number of
suppliers  around the world,  principally  in Australia,  South Africa,  Canada,
India and the United States. The Company purchased  approximately 430,000 metric
tons of chloride  feedstock in 2005,  of which the vast  majority was slag.  The
Company  purchased  chloride process grade slag in 2005 from a subsidiary of Rio
Tinto plc UK - Richards  Bay Iron and  Titanium  Limited  South  Africa  under a
long-term supply contract that expires at the end of 2007. Natural rutile ore is
purchased primarily from Iluka Resources,  Limited (Australia) under a long-term
supply  contract that expires at the end of 2009. The Company does not expect to
encounter   difficulties  obtaining  long-term  extensions  to  existing  supply
contracts  prior to the  expiration of the  contracts.  Raw materials  purchased
under these contracts and extensions  thereof are expected to meet the Company's
chloride process feedstock requirements over the next several years.

     The primary raw materials used in the TiO2 sulfate  production  process are
titanium-containing  feedstock,  derived  primarily  from  rock and  beach  sand
ilmenite,  and  sulfuric  acid.  Sulfuric  acid is  available  from a number  of
suppliers. Titanium-containing feedstock suitable for use in the sulfate process
is available from a limited number of suppliers around the world. Currently, the
principal  active sources are located in Norway,  Canada,  Australia,  India and
South  Africa.   As  one  of  the  few   vertically   integrated   producers  of
sulfate-process  pigments, the Company owns and operates a rock ilmenite mine in
Norway,  which  provided  all  of  the  Company's  feedstock  for  its  European
sulfate-process  pigment  plants in 2005.  The  Company  produced  approximately
816,000  metric tons of ilmenite in 2005 of which  approximately  317,000 metric
tons were used  internally  with the remainder  sold to third  parties.  For its
Canadian  sulfate-process  plant, the Company also purchases  sulfate grade slag
(approximately  29,000 metric tons in 2005) primarily from Q.I.T.  Fer et Titane
Inc. Canada, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto plc UK, under a long-term supply contract
that expires at the end of 2009. Raw materials  purchased  under these contracts
and  extensions  thereof are  expected  to meet the  Company's  sulfate  process
feedstock requirements over the next several years.

     The contracts contain fixed quantities that Kronos is required to purchase,
although  these  contracts  allow for an upward or  downward  adjustment  in the
quantity  purchased.  The quantities under these contracts do not require Kronos
to purchase  feedstock in excess of amounts that Kronos would reasonably consume
in any given year.  The pricing under these  agreements is generally  negotiated
annually.

     The number of sources of, and  availability  of,  certain raw  materials is
specific to the particular  geographic region in which a facility is located. As
noted  above,  Kronos  purchases   titanium-bearing  ore  from  three  different
suppliers in different  countries under multiple-year  contracts.  Political and
economic  instability in certain  countries from which Kronos  purchases its raw
material  supplies could  adversely  affect the  availability of such feedstock.
Should  Kronos'  vendors not be able to meet their  contractual  obligations  or
should Kronos be otherwise unable to obtain necessary raw materials,  Kronos may
incur  higher costs for raw  materials  or may be required to reduce  production
levels,  which  may have a  material  adverse  effect  on  Kronos'  consolidated
financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

     The following table summarizes our raw materials procured or mined in 2005.

                                                Quantities of Raw Materials
                                                     Procured or Mined
                                            -----------------------------------
Production Process/Raw Material                (In thousands of metric tons)
-------------------------------

Chloride process plants -
  purchased slag or natural rutile ore                      433

Sulfate process plants:
  Raw ilmenite ore mined internally                         317
  Purchased slag                                             29


     TiO2 manufacturing joint venture.  Subsidiaries of the Company and Huntsman
Holdings LLC  ("Huntsman")  each own a  50%-interest  in a  manufacturing  joint
venture,   Louisiana   Pigment  Company   ("LPC").   LPC  owns  and  operates  a
chloride-process TiO2 plant located in Lake Charles, Louisiana.  Production from
the plant is  shared  equally  by the  Company  and  Huntsman  (the  "Partners")
pursuant to separate offtake agreements.

     A  supervisory  committee,  composed  of  four  members,  two of  whom  are
appointed by each  Partner,  directs the business and affairs of LPC,  including
production  and output  decisions.  Two  general  managers,  one  appointed  and
compensated  by each Partner,  manage the operations of the joint venture acting
under the direction of the supervisory committee.

     Kronos is required to purchase  one-half of the TiO2  produced by the joint
venture. Because Kronos does not control the joint venture, the joint venture is
not consolidated in the Company's financial statements. The Company accounts for
its interest in the joint venture by the equity method. The manufacturing  joint
venture operates on a break-even basis and, accordingly,  the Company reports no
equity in earnings of the joint venture.  With the exception of raw material and
packaging costs for the pigment grades  produced,  Kronos and Huntsman share all
costs and capital expenditures of the joint venture equally. The Company's share
of net costs is reported as cost of sales as the related TiO2  acquired from the
joint  venture  is  sold.  See  Notes  6 and  15 to the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

     Competition.  The TiO2 industry is highly competitive. The Company competes
primarily on the basis of price,  product quality and technical service, and the
availability of high  performance  pigment grades.  Although certain TiO2 grades
are  considered  specialty  pigments,  the majority of the Company's  grades and
substantially all of the Company's  production are considered commodity pigments
with price generally being the most significant  competitive factor. The Company
believes that it is the leading seller of TiO2 in several  countries,  including
Germany,  with an estimated  12% share of  worldwide  Ti02 sales volume in 2005.
Overall, Kronos is the world's fifth largest producer of TiO2.

     The  Company's  principal  competitors  are E.I.  du Pont de  Nemours & Co.
("DuPont");  Millennium  Chemicals,  Inc.; Tronox  Incorporated;  Huntsman;  and
Ishihara  Sangyo  Kaisha,  Ltd.  The  Company's  five largest  competitors  have
estimated  individual shares of TiO2 production capacity ranging from 24% to 4%,
and an estimated aggregate 70% share of worldwide TiO2 production volume. DuPont
has about one-half of total North American TiO2  production  capacity and is the
Company's principal North American competitor.

     Worldwide capacity additions in the TiO2 market resulting from construction
of greenfield plants require  significant  capital  expenditures and substantial
lead time (typically three to five years in Kronos' experience).  The Company is
not aware of any  greenfield  plant  under  construction  in the United  States,
Europe or any other part of the world.  However,  a competitor has announced its
intention  to build a  greenfield  facility  in China,  but it is not clear when
construction will begin and it is not likely that any product would be available
until 2010, at the earliest.  During 2004,  certain  competitors either idled or
shut down facilities.  However,  Kronos does expect that industry  capacity will
increase as Kronos and its competitors  continue to debottleneck  their existing
facilities.  Based on the  factors  described  above,  Kronos  expects  that the
average  annual  increase in industry  capacity from  announced  debottlenecking
projects will be less than the average  annual demand growth for TiO2 during the
next  three to five  years.  However,  no  assurance  can be given  that  future
increases in the TiO2 industry  production  capacity and future  average  annual
demand  growth  rates for TiO2 will conform to Kronos'  expectations.  If actual
developments differ from Kronos'  expectations,  Kronos' and the TiO2 industry's
performances could be unfavorably affected.

     Research  and  development.  The  Company's  expenditures  for research and
development,   process   technology  and  quality   assurance   activities  were
approximately  $7  million  in 2003,  $8 million in 2004 and $9 million in 2005.
Research and development activities are conducted principally at the Leverkusen,
Germany facility.  Such activities are directed  primarily toward improving both
the chloride and sulfate  production  processes,  improving  product quality and
strengthening  the  Company's  competitive  position by  developing  new pigment
applications.

     Kronos continually seeks to improve the quality of its grades, and has been
successful at developing  new grades for existing and new  applications  to meet
the needs of customers and increase product life cycle. Since 1999, thirteen new
grades  have  been  added for  plastics,  coatings,  fiber  and  paper  laminate
applications.

     Patents and trademarks.  Patents held for products and production processes
are important to Kronos and its  continuing  business  activities.  Kronos seeks
patent  protection  for its technical  developments,  principally  in the United
States,  Canada  and  Europe,  and  from  time to  time  enters  into  licensing
arrangements with third parties.  Kronos' existing patents generally have a term
of 20 years from the date of filing,  and have remaining  terms ranging from one
to 20 years. Kronos seeks to protect its intellectual property rights, including
its patent  rights,  and from time to time  Kronos  will be involved in disputes
relating to the  protection  and use of  intellectual  property  relating to its
products.

     Kronos' major trademarks,  including Kronos,  are protected by registration
in  the  United  States  and  elsewhere   with  respect  to  those  products  it
manufactures and sells.  Kronos also relies on unpatented  proprietary  know-how
and continuing  technological  innovation and other trade secrets to develop and
maintain its  competitive  position.  Kronos'  proprietary  chloride  production
process is an important part of Kronos'  technology,  and Kronos' business could
be harmed if Kronos should fail to maintain confidentiality of its trade secrets
used in this technology.

     Foreign  operations.  The Company's  chemical  businesses  have operated in
non-U.S.  markets  since the 1920s.  Most of the  Company's  current  production
capacity  is located  in Europe  and  Canada  with  non-U.S.  net  property  and
equipment  aggregating  approximately $416 million at December 31, 2005. Kronos'
European  operations  include  production  facilities  in  Germany,  Belgium and
Norway.  Approximately  $844 million  (71%) of the Company's  2005  consolidated
sales were to non-U.S.  customers,  including  $101 million (8%) to customers in
areas other than Europe and Canada.  Foreign  operations  are subject to,  among
other things, currency exchange rate fluctuations,  and the Company's results of
operations  have, in the past, been both favorably and  unfavorably  affected by
fluctuations  in currency  exchange  rates.  Effects of fluctuations in currency
exchange  rates on the Company's  results of operations are discussed in Item 7.
"Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations" and Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative  Disclosures about Market
Risk."

     Political and economic  uncertainties  in certain of the countries in which
the Company operates may expose it to risk of loss. The Company does not believe
that there is currently any  likelihood  of material  loss through  political or
economic  instability,  seizure,  nationalization  or similar event. The Company
cannot predict,  however, whether events of this type in the future could have a
material  effect on its  operations.  The  Company's  manufacturing  and  mining
operations are also subject to extensive and diverse environmental regulation in
each of the  foreign  countries  in which  they  operate.  See  "Regulatory  and
Environmental Matters."

     Customer base and annual seasonality. The Company believes that neither its
aggregate  sales  nor  those  of  any  of  its  principal   product  groups  are
concentrated in or materially  dependent upon any single customer or small group
of customers.  The Company's  largest ten customers  accounted for approximately
26% of sales in 2005.  Neither the Company's business as a whole nor that of any
of its principal  product groups is seasonal to any significant  extent.  Due in
part to the  increase in paint  production  in the spring to meet the spring and
summer painting season demand, TiO2 sales are generally higher in the first half
of the year than in the second half of the year.

     Employees.  As of December 31, 2005,  Kronos employed  approximately  2,415
persons (excluding employees of the Louisiana joint venture),  with 50 employees
in the United States, 420 employees in Canada and 1,945 employees in Europe.

     Hourly  employees in production  facilities  worldwide,  including the TiO2
joint  venture,  are  represented  by a  variety  of labor  unions,  with  labor
agreements having various  expiration dates. In Europe,  Kronos' union employees
are covered by master collective bargaining agreements in the chemicals industry
that are renewed annually.  In Canada,  Kronos' union employees are covered by a
collective  bargaining  agreement that expires in June 2007. Kronos believes its
labor relations are good.

     Regulatory and environmental  matters.  Kronos'  operations are governed by
various  environmental laws and regulations.  Certain of Kronos' operations are,
or have been,  engaged in the  handling,  manufacture  or use of  substances  or
compounds  that may be  considered  toxic or  hazardous  within  the  meaning of
applicable  environmental laws and regulations.  As with other companies engaged
in similar  businesses,  certain  past and current  operations  and  products of
Kronos have the potential to cause  environmental  or other  damage.  Kronos has
implemented  and  continues  to  implement  various  policies and programs in an
effort to minimize these risks.  Kronos' policy is to maintain  compliance  with
applicable  environmental  laws and  regulations  at all its  facilities  and to
strive to improve its  environmental  performance.  It is  possible  that future
developments,   such  as  stricter   requirements  in  environmental   laws  and
enforcement  policies  thereunder,  could adversely  affect Kronos'  production,
handling, use, storage,  transportation,  sale or disposal of such substances as
well as  Kronos'  consolidated  financial  position,  results of  operations  or
liquidity.

     Kronos' U.S. manufacturing operations are governed by federal environmental
and worker  health and safety laws and  regulations,  principally  the  Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"),  the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe  Drinking  Water Act, the Toxic
Substances   Control   Act  and  the   Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation  and  Liability  Act, as amended by the  Superfund  Amendments  and
Reauthorization  Act  ("CERCLA"),  as well as the  state  counterparts  of these
statutes.  Kronos  believes the TiO2 plant owned by the LPC joint  venture and a
TiO2  slurry  facility  owned  by  Kronos  in  Lake  Charles,  Louisiana  are in
substantial compliance with applicable  requirements of these laws or compliance
orders issued thereunder. Kronos has no other U.S. plants.

     While the laws  regulating  operations of  industrial  facilities in Europe
vary from country to country,  a common regulatory  framework is provided by the
European Union (the "EU").  Germany and Belgium are members of the EU and follow
its initiatives. Norway, although not a member of the EU, generally patterns its
environmental  regulatory  actions  after the EU.  Kronos  believes  that it has
obtained all required  permits and is in substantial  compliance with applicable
EU requirements.

     At its sulfate  plant  facilities  in Leverkusen  and  Nordenham,  Germany,
Kronos  recycles weak sulfuric acid either through  contracts with third parties
or using its own facilities. At Kronos' Fredrikstad,  Norway plant, Kronos ships
its spent  acid to a third  party  location  where it is treated  and  disposed.
Kronos' Canadian  sulfate plant  neutralizes its spent acid and sells its gypsum
by-product to a local wallboard manufacturer. Kronos has a contract with a third
party to treat certain  sulfate-process  effluents at its German sulfate plants.
With regard to the German plants,  either party may terminate the contract after
giving three or four years advance notice, depending on the contract.

     From time to time,  Kronos'  facilities  may be  subject  to  environmental
regulatory  enforcement  under U.S.  and foreign  statutes.  Resolution  of such
matters   typically   involves  the   establishment   of  compliance   programs.
Occasionally,  resolution  may result in the payment of  penalties,  but to date
such  penalties have not involved  amounts  having a material  adverse effect on
Kronos'  consolidated  financial  position,  results of operations or liquidity.
Kronos  believes  that  all  its  plants  are  in  substantial  compliance  with
applicable environmental laws.

     Kronos'  capital   expenditures   related  to  its  ongoing   environmental
protection and improvement  programs in 2005 were approximately $4 million,  and
are currently expected to be approximately $6 million in 2006.

     Website and other available  information.  The Company files reports, proxy
and  information  statements  and other  information  with the SEC.  The Company
maintains  a website on the  Internet  with the  address of  www.kronostio2.com.
Copies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2005,
copies of the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for 2004 and 2005 and any
Current Reports on Form 8-K for 2004 and 2005, and any amendments  thereto,  are
or will be  available  free of  charge  at such  website  as soon as  reasonably
practical after they are filed with the SEC.  Additional  information  regarding
the Company,  including the Company's Audit Committee  charter and the Company's
Code of  Business  Conduct  and  Ethics,  can also be found at this  website  as
required.  Information  contained on the  Company's  website is not part of this
report.  The Company will also provide to anyone  without  charge copies of such
documents upon written request to the Company.  Such requests should be directed
to the  attention of the  Corporate  Secretary at the  Company's  address on the
cover page of this Form 10-K.

     The general  public may read and copy any  materials the Company files with
the  SEC  at  the  SEC's  Public  Reference  Room  at 450  Fifth  Street,  N.W.,
Washington,  D.C. 20549.  The public may obtain  information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330.  The Company is
an electronic  filer,  and the SEC  maintains an Internet  website that contains
reports,  proxy and  information  statements,  and other  information  regarding
issuers  that file  electronically  with the SEC,  including  the  Company.  The
Internet address of the SEC's website is www.sec.gov.

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS

     Listed below are certain risk factors  associated  with the Company and its
businesses.  In addition to the potential effect of these risk factors discussed
below,  any risk factor  which  could  result in reduced  earnings or  operating
losses,  or reduced  liquidity,  could in turn  adversely  affect our ability to
service our liabilities or pay dividends on our common stock or adversely affect
the quoted market prices for our securities.

     Demand for, and prices of,  certain of our products are cyclical and we may
experience  prolonged  depressed market  conditions for our products,  which may
result  in  reduced  earnings  or  operating  losses.  Approximately  90% of our
revenues  is  attributable  to sales of TiO2.  Pricing  within the  global  TiO2
industry  over the long term is  cyclical,  and  changes  in  industry  economic
conditions,  especially in Western  industrialized  nations,  can  significantly
impact  our  earnings  and  operating  cash  flows.  This may  result in reduced
earnings or operating losses.

     Historically,  the  markets  for  many  of our  products  have  experienced
alternating  periods of tight  supply,  causing  prices  and  profit  margins to
increase,  followed  by periods of  capacity  additions,  and demand  reductions
resulting in oversupply and declining prices and profit margins.  Selling prices
(in billing  currencies)  for TiO2 were generally:  increasing  during the first
quarter of 2003, flat during the second quarter of 2003,  decreasing  during the
last half of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004,  flat during the second quarter
of 2004,  increasing  in the last half of 2004 and the first six  months of 2005
and decreasing during the second half of 2005.

Our overall average TiO2 selling prices in billing currencies:

o    were 3% higher in 2003 as compared to 2002;

o    were 2% lower in 2004 as compared to 2003; and

o    were 8% higher in 2005 as compared to 2004.

     Future  growth in demand for TiO2 may not be  sufficient  to alleviate  any
future  conditions of excess industry  capacity,  and such conditions may not be
sustained or may be further aggravated by anticipated or unanticipated  capacity
additions  or other  events.  The  demand  for TiO2  during a given year is also
subject to annual seasonal fluctuations.  TiO2 sales are generally higher in the
first  half of the year than in the  second  half of the year due in part to the
increase  in paint  production  in the  spring  to meet the  spring  and  summer
painting season demand.

     As a global  business,  we are exposed to local business risks in different
countries,  which could result in  operating  losses.  We conduct a  substantial
portion of our businesses in several  jurisdictions outside of the United States
and are subject to risks  normally  associated  with  international  operations,
which include trade barriers,  tariffs, exchange controls, national and regional
labor strikes,  social and political risks,  general  economic risks,  seizures,
nationalizations, compliance with a variety of foreign laws, including tax laws,
and the difficulty in enforcing  agreements and collecting  receivables  through
foreign legal  systems.  For example,  we have  substantial  net operating  loss
carryforwards  in  Germany,  and any  change  in German  tax law that  adversely
impacts our ability to fully utilize such  carryforwards  could adversely affect
us.

     We may incur  losses from  fluctuations  in  currency  exchange  rates.  We
operate our  businesses in several  different  countries,  and sell our products
worldwide.  Therefore,  we are  exposed to risks  related to the prices  that we
receive for our products and the need to convert  currencies that we may receive
for some of our products into the  currencies  required to pay some of our debt,
or into  currencies  in which we may purchase  certain raw  materials or pay for
certain  services,  all of which  could  result in future  losses  depending  on
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.

     We sell several of our products in mature and highly competitive industries
and face price pressures in the markets in which we operate, which may result in
reduced earnings or operating losses. The global markets in which we operate our
business are highly  competitive.  Competition  is based on a number of factors,
such as price, product quality and service.  Some of our competitors may be able
to drive down  prices for our  products  because  their costs are lower than our
costs. In addition, some of our competitors' financial,  technological and other
resources may be greater than our resources,  and such competitors may be better
able to withstand changes in market  conditions.  Our competitors may be able to
respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging  technologies and changes in
customer  requirements.  Further,  consolidation of our competitors or customers
may result in reduced  demand for our  products.  In addition,  new  competitors
could emerge by modifying  their  existing  production  facilities so they could
manufacture  products that compete with our products.  The  occurrence of any of
these events could result in reduced earnings or operating losses.

     Higher costs or limited  availability of our raw materials may decrease our
liquidity. The number of sources for, and availability of, certain raw materials
is  specific  to the  particular  geographical  region  in which a  facility  is
located.  For example,  titanium-containing  feedstocks  suitable for use in our
TiO2  facilities  are available  from a limited  number of suppliers  around the
world.  Political  and  economic  instability  in the  countries  from  which we
purchase our raw material  supplies could adversely  affect their  availability.
Should our vendors not be able to meet their  contractual  obligations or should
we be otherwise  unable to obtain  necessary raw materials,  we may incur higher
costs for raw materials or may be required to reduce production  levels,  either
of which may  decrease  our  liquidity as we may be unable to offset such higher
costs with increased selling prices for our products.

     We are subject to many environmental and safety regulations with respect to
our operating  facilities that may result in unanticipated costs or liabilities.
Our facilities are subject to extensive laws, regulations,  rules and ordinances
relating to the protection of the  environment,  including  those  governing the
discharge of pollutants in the air and water and the generation,  management and
disposal of hazardous  substances  and wastes or other  materials.  We may incur
substantial  costs,  including  fines,  damages and criminal  penalties or civil
sanctions,  or experience  interruptions in our operations for actual or alleged
violations or compliance  requirements  arising under  environmental  laws.  Our
operations could result in violations under environmental laws, including spills
or other  releases  of  hazardous  substances  to the  environment.  Some of our
operating facilities are in densely populated urban areas or in industrial areas
adjacent to other operating facilities. In the event of an accidental release or
catastrophic  incident,  we could incur material costs as a result of addressing
such an event and in implementing measures to prevent such incidents.  Given the
nature  of  our  business,  violations  of  environmental  laws  may  result  in
restrictions   imposed  on  our  operating   activities  or  substantial  fines,
penalties, damages or other costs, including as a result of private litigation.

     Our  production  facilities  have  been  used  for a  number  of  years  to
manufacture products or conduct mining operations. We may incur additional costs
related  to  compliance  with  environmental  laws  applicable  to our  historic
operations  and  these  facilities.   In  addition,  we  may  incur  significant
expenditures  to comply  with  existing  or  future  environmental  laws.  Costs
relating  to  environmental  matters  will be  subject  to  evolving  regulatory
requirements  and will depend on the timing of  promulgation  and enforcement of
specific  standards that impose  requirements  on our  operations.  Costs beyond
those   currently   anticipated  may  be  required  under  existing  and  future
environmental laws.

     If our patents are declared  invalid or our trade  secrets  become known to
competitors, our ability to compete may be adversely affected. Protection of our
proprietary  processes  and other  technology  is important  to our  competitive
position.  Consequently,  we rely on judicial  enforcement for protection of our
patents,  and  our  patents  may be  challenged,  invalidated,  circumvented  or
rendered unenforceable.  Furthermore, if any pending patent application filed by
us does not result in an issued patent,  or if patents are issued to us but such
patents do not provide meaningful protection of our intellectual property,  then
the use of any such  intellectual  property by our  competitors  could result in
decreasing our cash flows. Additionally,  our competitors or other third parties
may obtain patents that restrict or preclude our ability to lawfully  produce or
sell our products in a competitive manner, which could have the same effects.

     We also rely on certain  unpatented  proprietary  know-how  and  continuing
technological  innovation  and other trade  secrets to develop and  maintain our
competitive position.  Although it is our practice to enter into confidentiality
agreements to protect our intellectual  property,  because these confidentiality
agreements  may  be  breached,   such  agreements  may  not  provide  sufficient
protection for our trade secrets or proprietary  know-how,  or adequate remedies
may not be available in the event of an  unauthorized  use or disclosure of such
trade secrets and know-how.  In addition,  others could obtain knowledge of such
trade secrets through independent development or other access by legal means.

     Loss of key  personnel  or our ability to attract and retain new  qualified
personnel  could hurt our businesses and inhibit our ability to operate and grow
successfully.  Our success in the highly competitive markets in which we operate
will continue to depend to a significant  extent on the leadership  teams of our
businesses and other key management personnel.  We generally do not have binding
employment agreements with any of these managers.  This increases the risks that
we may not be able to retain our current management  personnel and we may not be
able to recruit  qualified  individuals to join our management  team,  including
recruiting  qualified  individuals to replace any of our current  personnel that
may leave in the future.

     Our relationships with our union employees could  deteriorate.  At December
31,  2005,  we employed  approximately  2,415  persons  worldwide in our various
businesses.  A  significant  number of our  employees  are subject to collective
bargaining  or  similar  arrangements.  We may not be able  to  negotiate  labor
agreements with respect to these  employees on satisfactory  terms or at all. If
our employees were to engage in a strike,  work stoppage or other  slowdown,  we
could  experience a significant  disruption of our  operations or higher ongoing
labor costs.

     Our  leverage  may impair our  financial  condition or limit our ability to
operate our  businesses.  We currently have a significant  amount of debt. As of
December 31, 2005, our total  consolidated debt was approximately  $465 million,
substantially  all of which relates to KII's Senior Secured Notes.  Our level of
debt  could have  important  consequences  to our  stockholders  and  creditors,
including:

o    making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations  with respect to
     our liabilities;

o    increasing  our  vulnerability  to adverse  general  economic  and industry
     conditions;

o    requiring  that a portion of our cash flow from  operations be used for the
     payment of interest on our debt,  therefore reducing our ability to use our
     cash flow to fund working capital,  capital expenditures,  dividends on our
     common stock acquisitions and general corporate requirements;

o    limiting our ability to obtain additional  financing to fund future working
     capital,   capital   expenditures,   acquisitions  and  general   corporate
     requirements;

o    limiting our  flexibility  in planning for, or reacting to,  changes in our
     business and the industry in which we operate; and

o    placing us at a competitive  disadvantage  relative to other less leveraged
     competitors.

     In addition to our  indebtedness,  we are party to various  lease and other
agreements  pursuant to which, along with our indebtedness,  we are committed to
pay  approximately  $272.1  million in 2006. Our ability to make payments on and
refinance our debt,  and to fund planned  capital  expenditures,  depends on our
future ability to generate cash flow. To some extent, this is subject to general
economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that
are beyond our  control.  In  addition,  our  ability to borrow  funds under our
subsidiaries'  credit  facilities in the future will in some instances depend in
part on these  subsidiaries'  ability to maintain specified financial ratios and
satisfy  certain  financial   covenants   contained  in  the  applicable  credit
agreement.  Our business may not generate cash flows from  operating  activities
sufficient  to enable us to pay our debts  when they  become due and to fund our
other liquidity needs. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of
our debt before  maturity.  We may not be able to  refinance  any of our debt on
favorable  terms, if at all. Any inability to generate  sufficient cash flows or
to refinance our debt on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

     Not applicable.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     During 2005,  the Company  operated four TiO2 plants in Europe (one in each
of  Leverkusen,   Germany,  Nordenham,  Germany,   Langerbrugge,   Belgium,  and
Fredrikstad,  Norway).  In  North  America,  the  Company  has a TiO2  plant  in
Varennes,  Quebec, Canada and, through the manufacturing joint venture described
above, a one-half interest in a TiO2 plant in Lake Charles,  Louisiana. See Note
6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  TiO2 is produced using the chloride
process at the Leverkusen,  Langerbrugge,  Varennes and Lake Charles  facilities
and  is  manufactured  using  the  sulfate  process  in  Nordenham,  Leverkusen,
Fredrikstad  and  Varennes.  The Company  owns an  ilmenite  ore mine in Hauge i
Dalane,  Norway and operates it pursuant to a  governmental  concession  with an
unlimited  term,  and  Kronos  also owns a TiO2  slurry  plant in Lake  Charles,
Louisiana. Kronos' co-products are produced at its Norwegian, Belgian and German
facilities  and its titanium  chemicals are produced at its Belgian and Canadian
facilities.

     The  Company  owns all of its  principal  production  facilities  described
above, except for the land under the Fredrikstad and Leverkusen facilities.  The
Norwegian  plant is located on public  land and is leased  until  2013,  with an
option to extend the lease for an additional 50 years.  The Company's  principal
German operating subsidiary leases the land under its Leverkusen TiO2 production
facility  pursuant to a lease with Bayer AG that expires in 2050. The Leverkusen
facility,  which is owned by the  Company  and  which  represents  approximately
one-third of the Company's current TiO2 production  capacity,  is located within
an extensive manufacturing complex. Rent for such land lease associated with the
Leverkusen  facility is  periodically  established  by agreement  with Bayer for
periods of at least two years at a time. Under a separate  supplies and services
agreement  expiring  in  2011,  Bayer  provides  some raw  materials,  including
chlorine, auxiliary and operating materials, utilities and services necessary to
operate the Leverkusen facility.

     The Company has under lease various  corporate and  administrative  offices
located in the U.S. and various sales offices located in the U.S.,  France,  the
Netherlands, Denmark and the U.K.

     The Company believes the transportation access to its facilities, which are
generally  maintained by the applicable local  government,  are adequate for the
Company's purposes.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Kronos is involved in various environmental, contractual, product liability
and other claims and disputes  incidental to its business.  Certain  information
called for by this Item is  included  in Note 16 to the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of security  holders during the quarter
ended December 31, 2005.

                                     PART II


ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The  Company's  common  stock is listed  and  traded on the New York  Stock
Exchange (symbol:  KRO). As of February 28, 2006, there were approximately 5,100
holders of record of common stock.  The following  table sets forth the high and
low  closing  per share  sales  price for Kronos  common  stock for the  periods
indicated  according to Bloomberg,  and dividends  paid during such periods.  On
February 28, 2006 the closing price of Kronos common stock according to the NYSE
Composite Tape was $29.10.

<TABLE>
                                                                       Cash
                                                                     dividends
                                             High         Low          paid
                                             ----         ---        ---------

 Year ended December 31, 2004

<S>                                         <C>         <C>           <C>
   First Quarter                            $33.25      $22.22        $ .25
   Second Quarter                            34.20       29.11          .25
   Third Quarter                             39.70       30.80          .25
   Fourth Quarter                            48.48       38.50          .25

 Year ended December 31, 2005

   First Quarter                            $48.56      $40.27        $ .25
   Second Quarter                            43.06       29.37          .25
   Third Quarter                             33.05       27.60          .25
   Fourth Quarter                            33.26       29.01          .25
</TABLE>

     The Company paid four  quarterly  $.25 per share cash  dividends in each of
2004 and 2005. On February 21, 2006, the Company's Board of Directors declared a
regular  quarterly  dividend of $.25 per share to  stockholders  of record as of
March 10,  2006 to be paid on March  27,  2006.  However,  the  declaration  and
payment of future dividends,  and the amount thereof, is discretionary,  and the
amount,  if any,  will be dependent  upon the Company's  results of  operations,
financial condition,  contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant
by the Company's Board of Directors.  The amount and timing of past dividends is
not  necessarily  indicative  of the amount  and timing of any future  dividends
which might be paid.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following  selected  financial data should be read in conjunction  with
the  Company's  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and Item 7 -  "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations."  The
earnings per share and cash  dividends per share data  presented  below has been
restated  to give  effect  to the  September  2003  change  in  Kronos'  capital
structure discussed in Note 1 to Kronos'  Consolidated  Financial  Statements in
which the 1,000  shares of Kronos'  common  stock  previously  outstanding  were
reclassified in the form of a stock split into approximately 48.9 million shares
of Kronos' common stock.



<TABLE>

                                                                       Years ended December 31,
                                                    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    2001         2002          2003           2004          2005
                                                    ----         ----          ----           ----          ----
                                                 (In millions, except per share data and TiO2 operating statistics)

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
<S>                                              <C>          <C>         <C>            <C>            <C>
    Net sales                                    $ 835.1      $ 875.2     $1,008.2       $1,128.6       $1,196.7
    Net income                                     154.5         66.3         87.5          314.9           71.0
    Net income per share                            3.16         1.35         1.79           6.43           1.45
    Cash dividends per share (1)                     .62         2.27          .14           1.00           1.00

 BALANCE SHEET DATA (at year end):
    Total assets                                   910.1        988.5      1,121.9        1,353.3        1,298.9
    Notes payable and long-term debt including
      current maturities                           242.7        370.5        556.7          533.2          465.3
    Common stockholders' equity                    378.5        314.2        159.4          470.8          410.0

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW DATA:
    Net cash provided (used) by:
       Operating activities                      $ 135.7      $ 111.1     $  107.7       $  151.0       $   97.8
       Investing activities                        (33.7)       (34.6)       (35.4)         (39.8)         (39.7)
       Financing activities                        (99.0)       (93.9)       (61.8)        (108.8)         (44.8)

 TiO2 OPERATING STATISTICS:
    Average selling price
      Index (1990=100)                              89           81            84              82             89

    Sales volume*                                  402          455           462             500            478
    Production volume*                             412          442           476             484            492
    Production capacity at beginning of year*      450          455           470             480            495
    Production rate as a percentage of capacity    91%          96%          Full            Full             99%
</TABLE>
    __________________________________

        * Metric tons in thousands

(1)  Excludes Kronos' December 2003 dividend to NL in the form of a $200 million
     long-term  note  payable.  See  Note  10  to  the  Consolidated   Financial
     Statements.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Critical accounting policies and estimates

     The  accompanying   "Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial
Condition and Results of Operations"  are based upon the Company's  consolidated
financial  statements,  which have been prepared in accordance  with  accounting
principles  generally  accepted in the United  States of America  ("GAAP").  The
preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates
and judgments  that affect the reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities  and
disclosure of  contingent  assets and  liabilities  at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reported
period.  On an on-going basis,  the Company  evaluates its estimates,  including
those related to bad debts,  inventory  reserves,  impairments of investments in
marketable  securities and investments  accounted for by the equity method,  the
recoverability  of  other  long-lived  assets  (including   goodwill  and  other
intangible assets),  pension and other  post-retirement  benefit obligations and
the  underlying  actuarial  assumptions  related  thereto,  the  realization  of
deferred  income tax assets and  accruals for  litigation,  income tax and other
contingencies.  The Company bases its estimates on historical  experience and on
various  other   assumptions  that  it  believes  to  be  reasonable  under  the
circumstances,  the results of which form the basis for making  judgments  about
the  reported  amounts of assets,  liabilities,  revenues and  expenses.  Actual
results may differ from previously-estimated amounts under different assumptions
or conditions.

     The Company believes the following critical  accounting policies affect its
more  significant  judgments  and  estimates  used  in  the  preparation  of its
consolidated financial statements:

o    The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
     resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments and
     other factors.  The Company takes into  consideration the current financial
     condition  of its  customers,  the age of the  outstanding  balance and the
     current economic  environment when assessing the adequacy of the allowance.
     If the financial  condition of the Company's customers were to deteriorate,
     resulting in an impairment of their  ability to make  payments,  additional
     allowances  may be  required.  During  2003,  2004 and 2005 the net  amount
     written off against the allowance for doubtful  accounts as a percentage of
     the balance of the allowance  for doubtful  accounts as of the beginning of
     the year ranged from 17% to 38%.

o    The Company  provides  reserves for estimated  obsolescence or unmarketable
     inventories  equal to the difference  between the cost of inventory and the
     estimated net realizable  value using  assumptions  about future demand for
     its products and market  conditions.  If actual market  conditions are less
     favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory reserves
     may be required.  The Company also provides reserves for tools and supplies
     inventory  based  generally on both  historical  and expected  future usage
     requirements.

o    The Company  recognizes an impairment charge associated with its long-lived
     assets,  including  property and  equipment,  whenever it  determines  that
     recovery of such long-lived  asset is not probable.  Such  determination is
     made in accordance  with the applicable GAAP  requirements  associated with
     the long-lived  asset, and is based upon, among other things,  estimates of
     the amount of future net cash flows to be generated by the long-lived asset
     and  estimates of the current fair value of the asset.  Adverse  changes in
     such  estimates  of future net cash flows or  estimates of fair value could
     result in an  inability  to recover the  carrying  value of the  long-lived
     asset,  thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge to be recognized in
     the future.

     Under  applicable  GAAP (SFAS No. 144,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment or
     Disposal of Long-Lived Assets"), property and equipment is not assessed for
     impairment unless certain impairment  indicators,  as defined, are present.
     During 2005, no such impairment indicators, as defined, were present.

o    The  Company   maintains   various   defined   benefit  pension  plans  and
     postretirement   benefits  other  than  pensions   ("OPEB").   The  amounts
     recognized as defined benefit  pension and OPEB expenses,  and the reported
     amounts of prepaid and accrued  pension  costs and accrued OPEB costs,  are
     actuarially  determined based on several  assumptions,  including  discount
     rates,  expected  rates of returns on plan assets and expected  health care
     trend rates.  Variances from these actuarially assumed rates will result in
     increases or decreases,  as applicable,  in the recognized pension and OPEB
     obligations,  pension and OPEB  expenses  and funding  requirements.  These
     assumptions are more fully described below under  " Assumptions  on defined
     benefit pension plans and OPEB plans."

o    The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred income tax
     assets  to  the  amount  that  is   believed  to  be  realized   under  the
     "more-likely-than-not"   recognition   criteria.   While  the  Company  has
     considered  future  taxable  income and ongoing  prudent and  feasible  tax
     planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance,  it is
     possible  that in the future the  Company  may change its  estimate  of the
     amount of the deferred income tax assets that would  "more-likely-than-not"
     be realized in the  future,  resulting  in an  adjustment  to the  deferred
     income  tax  asset  valuation  allowance  that  would  either  increase  or
     decrease,  as applicable,  reported net income in the period such change in
     estimate was made. For example,  the Company has  substantial net operating
     loss  carryforwards  in Germany (the  equivalent of $593 million for German
     corporate  purposes  and $104  million  for German  trade tax  purposes  at
     December  31,  2005).   During  2004,   the  Company   concluded  that  the
     more-likely-than-not  recognition criteria had been met with respect to the
     income  tax  benefit  associated  with the  Company's  net  operating  loss
     carryforwards  in  Germany.  Prior  to the  complete  utilization  of  such
     carryforwards, it is possible that the Company might conclude in the future
     that  the  benefit  of  such   carryforwards   would  no  longer  meet  the
     more-likely-than-not recognition criteria, at which point the Company would
     be required to recognize a valuation  allowance against the  then-remaining
     tax benefit associated with the carryforwards.

     In addition,  the Company makes an evaluation at the end of each  reporting
     period as to whether or not some or all of the  undistributed  earnings  of
     its  foreign  subsidiaries  are  permanently  reinvested  (as that  term is
     defined in GAAP).  While the  Company may have  concluded  in the past that
     some of such undistributed earnings are permanently  reinvested,  facts and
     circumstances can change in the future, and it is possible that a change in
     facts and circumstances,  such as a change in the expectation regarding the
     capital  needs of its foreign  subsidiaries,  could  result in a conclusion
     that some or all of such  undistributed  earnings are no longer permanently
     reinvested.  In such an event, the Company would be required to recognize a
     deferred  income  tax  liability  in  an  amount  equal  to  the  estimated
     incremental  U.S.  income tax and  withholding  tax liability that would be
     generated  if  all of  such  previously-considered  permanently  reinvested
     undistributed earnings were distributed to the U.S.

o    The Company records accruals for legal,  income tax and other contingencies
     and commitments  when estimated  future  expenditures  associated with such
     contingencies become probable, and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.
     However,  new information may become available,  or circumstances  (such as
     applicable  laws and  regulations)  may  change,  thereby  resulting  in an
     increase or decrease in the amount  required to be accrued for such matters
     (and  therefore a decrease or increase in reported net income in the period
     of such change).

     Income  from  operations  are  impacted  by  certain  of these  significant
judgments and estimates,  such as allowance for doubtful accounts,  reserves for
obsolete or unmarketable inventories, impairment of equity method investees, and
other  long-lived  assets,  defined  benefit  pension  and OPEB  plans  and loss
accruals.  In  addition,  other  income and  expense  items are  impacted by the
significant  judgments  and estimates  for deferred  income tax asset  valuation
allowances and loss accruals.

Executive summary

     The  Company  reported  net income of $71.0  million,  or $1.45 per diluted
share, in 2005 compared to $314.9  million,  or $6.43 per diluted share, in 2004
and $87.5 million,  or $1.79 per diluted share,  in 2003. The Company's  diluted
earnings  per share  increased  from 2003 to 2004 as the  unfavorable  effect of
lower income from operations and higher  interest  expense in 2004 was more than
offset by the  favorable  effect of a non-cash  income tax benefit in 2004.  The
Company's  diluted  earnings  per  share  decreased  from  2004  to  2005 as the
favorable  effect of higher income from operations and lower interest expense in
2005 was more than offset by the  favorable  effect of the  non-cash  income tax
benefit recognized in 2004.

     Net income in 2005 includes (i) a third quarter  non-cash income tax charge
of $.13 per  diluted  share for  recent  developments  with  respect  to ongoing
non-U.S. income tax audits,  primarily in Germany, Belgium and Canada and (ii) a
second quarter securities  transaction gain of $.07 per diluted share related to
the sale of the Company's  passive interest in a Norwegian  smelting  operation.
Net income in 2004 includes (i) a second quarter  income tax benefit  related to
the reversal of Kronos' deferred income tax asset valuation allowance in Germany
of $5.49 per  diluted  share and (ii)  income in the second  quarter  related to
Kronos'  contract  dispute  settlement of $.08 per diluted share.  Net income in
2003 includes an income tax benefit  relating to the refund of prior year German
income  taxes of $.50 per  diluted  share.  Each of  these  items is more  fully
discussed below and/or in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The Company  currently expects income from operations will be lower in 2006
compared to 2005, as the favorable effect of anticipated modest  improvements in
sales  volumes  and average  TiO2  selling  prices are  expected to be more than
offset by the effect of higher production  costs,  particularly raw material and
energy costs.

     Relative  changes in the Company's  TiO2 sales and operating  income during
the past three years are primarily due to (i) relative changes in TiO2 sales and
production  volumes,  (ii) relative  changes in TiO2 average  selling prices and
(iii) relative changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

     Selling prices (in billing  currencies)  for TiO2, the Company's  principal
product,  were  generally:  increasing  during the first  quarter of 2003,  flat
during  the  second  quarter  of 2003,  decreasing  during  the third and fourth
quarters of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004,  flat during the second  quarter
of 2004,  increasing  during  the last half of 2004 and  first  half of 2005 and
decreasing during the last half of 2005.

Results of operations


<TABLE>

                                                     Years ended December 31,                    % Change
                                             -------------------------------------        -----------------------
                                              2003            2004            2005         2003-04       2004-05
                                              ----            ----            ----         -------       -------
 (In millions, except selling price data)
<S>                                        <C>             <C>            <C>                   <C>            <C>
 Net sales                                 $1,008.2        $1,128.6       $1,196.7             +12%           +6%
 Cost of sales                                739.2           866.3          869.9             +17%            **
                                           --------        --------       --------

 Gross margin                                 269.0           262.3          326.8             - 2%          +25%
 Selling, general and administrative
     expense                                 (124.4)         (145.4)        (150.7)            +17%           +4%
 Currency transaction gains (losses), net      (7.7)           (3.9)           5.2
 Contract dispute settlement                     -              6.3             -
 Corporate expense                             (4.2)           (3.5)          (5.0)
 Other operating income (expense), net          (.2)            (.8)          (1.0)
                                           --------        --------       --------

 Income from operations                    $  132.5        $  115.0       $  175.3             -13%          +52%
                                           ========        ========       ========

 TiO2 operating statistics:
 Percent change in average selling
     prices:
        Using actual foreign currency
           exchange rates                                                                      + 4%          + 9%
        Impact of changes in foreign
           currency exchange rates                                                             - 6%          - 1%
                                                                                               ----          ----

        In billing currencies                                                                  - 2%          + 8%
                                                                                               ====          ====

 Sales volumes*                               462             500            478               + 8%          - 4%
 Production volumes*                          476             484            492               + 2%          + 2%
 Production rate as                                                           99%
     percent of capacity                     Full            Full
</TABLE>
___________________________________
* Thousands of metric tons
** less than 1%

         Year ended December 31, 2005 compared to year ended December 31, 2004

     Kronos' sales  increased $68.1 million (6%) in 2005 as compared to 2004 due
primarily to the net effects of higher average TiO2 selling  prices,  lower TiO2
sales  volumes and the  favorable  effect of  fluctuations  in foreign  currency
exchange rates,  which increased sales by  approximately  $16 million as further
discussed  below.  Excluding the effect of fluctuations in the value of the U.S.
dollar  relative to other  currencies,  Kronos'  average TiO2 selling  prices in
billing  currencies  were 8% higher in 2005 as compared to 2004. When translated
from billing currencies into U.S. dollars using actual foreign currency exchange
rates  prevailing  during the respective  periods,  Kronos' average TiO2 selling
prices in 2005  increased  9% as  compared  to 2004.  See " - Effects of foreign
currency  exchange  rates"  below for a  discussion  of the  impact of  relative
changes in currency exchange rates on Kronos' operations.

     Kronos'  TiO2 sales  volumes in 2005  decreased  4% compared to 2004,  with
volumes  lower in all  regions of the world.  Approximately  one-half of Kronos'
2005 TiO2 sales  volumes  were  attributable  to  markets  in  Europe,  with 38%
attributable  to North  America  and the  balance  to  export  markets.  Overall
worldwide demand for TiO2 in 2005 is estimated to have declined by approximately
5% from the exceptionally  strong demand levels in 2004. The Company  attributes
the decline in overall sales and its own sales to slower overall economic growth
in  2005  and  inventory  destocking  by  its  customers.  Kronos'  income  from
operations  comparisons  were favorably  impacted by higher  production  levels,
which  increased  2%.  Kronos'  operating  rates were near full capacity in both
periods,  and  Kronos'  production  volumes in 2005 set a new record for Kronos,
which was the fourth consecutive year record production volumes were achieved.

     The Company's  cost of sales  increased $3.6 million (less than 1%) in 2005
compared to 2004 as the effect of lower  sales  volumes was offset by higher raw
material and  maintenance  costs.  However,  the Company's  cost of sales,  as a
percentage of net sales, decreased from 77% in 2004 to 73% in 2005 due primarily
to the effects of higher  average  selling  prices which more than offset higher
costs.

     The Company's gross margins increased $64.5 million (25%) from 2004 to 2005
due to the net effects of the aforementioned  changes in sales and cost of sales
during such periods.

     As a percentage of net sales, selling,  general and administrative expenses
were relatively consistent at 13% for both 2004 and 2005.

     Kronos'  income from  operations  increased  $60.3 million (52%) in 2005 as
compared to 2004, as the effect of higher average TiO2 selling prices and higher
production  volumes more than offset the impact of lower sales  volumes,  higher
raw  material  and  maintenance  costs in 2005 and the $6.3  million  of  income
related to a contract dispute settlement with a customer  recognized in 2004, as
further  discussed  below.  See also " - Effects  of foreign  currency  exchange
rates"  below for a  discussion  of the impact of  relative  changes in currency
exchange rates on Kronos' operations.

     On September  22, 2005,  the  chloride-process  TiO2  facility  operated by
Kronos' 50%-owned joint venture, Louisiana Pigment Company ("LPC"),  temporarily
halted  production  due  to  Hurricane  Rita.  Although  storm  damage  to  core
processing facilities was not extensive, a variety of factors, including loss of
utilities,  limited  access and  availability  of employees  and raw  materials,
prevented the  resumption of partial  operations  until October 9, 2005 and full
operations  until late 2005.  The joint  venture  expects  the  majority  of its
property  damage  and  unabsorbed  fixed  costs  for  periods  in  which  normal
production  levels were not achieved  will be covered by  insurance,  and Kronos
believes   insurance  will  cover  its  lost  profits   (subject  to  applicable
deductibles) resulting from its share of the lost production from LPC. Insurance
proceeds  from the lost profit for product that Kronos was not able to sell as a
result of the loss of  production  from LPC,  are expected to be  recognized  by
Kronos during 2006, although the amount and timing of such insurance  recoveries
is not  presently  determinable.  The effect on Kronos'  financial  results will
depend on the timing and amount of insurance recoveries.

     Year ended December 31, 2004 compared to year ended December 31, 2003

     Kronos' sales increased $120.4 million (12%) in 2004 as compared to 2003 as
higher  sales  volumes  and the  favorable  effect of  fluctuations  in  foreign
currency  exchange rates,  which increased sales by approximately $60 million as
further  discussed  below,  more than  offset the impact of lower  average  TiO2
selling  prices.  Excluding the effect of  fluctuations in the value of the U.S.
dollar  relative to other  currencies,  Kronos'  average TiO2 selling  prices in
billing  currencies  were 2% lower in 2004 as compared to 2003.  When translated
from billing currencies into U.S. dollars using actual foreign currency exchange
rates  prevailing  during the respective  periods,  Kronos' average TiO2 selling
prices in 2004  increased  4% as  compared  to 2003.  See " - Effects of foreign
currency  exchange  rates"  below for a  discussion  of the  impact of  relative
changes in currency exchange rates on Kronos' operations.

     Kronos' TiO2 sales volumes in 2004 increased 8% compared to 2003, as higher
volumes in European and export markets more than offset lower volumes in Canada.
Approximately  one-half of Kronos' 2004 TiO2 sales volumes were  attributable to
markets in Europe,  with 38%  attributable  to North  America and the balance to
export markets.  Demand for TiO2 has remained strong  throughout 2004, and while
Kronos  believes that the strong demand is largely  attributable  to the end-use
demand of its  customers,  it is possible that some portion of the strong demand
resulted from customers  increasing their inventory levels of TiO2 in advance of
implementation of announced or anticipated price increases.  Kronos' income from
operations comparisons were also favorably impacted by higher production levels,
which  increased  2%.  Kronos'  operating  rates were near full capacity in both
periods,  and Kronos' sales and production volumes in 2004 were both new records
for Kronos.

     The Company's cost of sales increased $127.1 million (17%) in 2004 compared
to 2003 due to higher raw material and maintenance costs as well as higher sales
volumes and related  effects of  translating  foreign  currencies  into the U.S.
dollar.  The Company's  cost of sales,  as a percentage of net sales,  increased
from 73% in 2003 to 77% in 2004 due  primarily  to the effects of lower  average
selling prices and higher costs.

     The Company's  gross margins  decreased $6.7 million (2%) from 2003 to 2004
due to the net effects of the aforementioned  changes in sales and cost of sales
during such periods.

     As a percentage of net sales, selling,  general and administrative expenses
were relatively  consistent from 2003 to 2004, increasing marginally from 12% to
13%, and  increasing  proportionately  with the increased  sales and  production
volume.

     Kronos'  income from  operations  in 2004  includes  $6.3 million of income
related to the settlement of a contract dispute with a customer.  As part of the
settlement,  the  customer  agreed  to make  payments  to  Kronos  through  2007
aggregating  $7.3  million.  The $6.3 million  gain  recognized  represents  the
present value of the future  payments to be made by the customer to Kronos.  The
dispute  with the  customer  concerned  the  customer's  alleged past failure to
purchase  the  required  amount of TiO2 from  Kronos  under the terms of Kronos'
contract with the customer. Under the settlement,  the customer agreed to pay an
aggregate of $7.3 million to Kronos  through 2007 to resolve such  dispute.  See
Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Kronos'  income from  operations  decreased  $17.5 million (13%) in 2004 as
compared to 2003, as the effect of lower average TiO2 selling  prices and higher
raw material and  maintenance  costs more than offset the impact of higher sales
and production volumes and the income from the contract dispute settlement.  See
also " - Effects of foreign  currency  exchange rates" below for a discussion of
the impact of relative changes in currency exchange rates on Kronos' operations.

         Effects of foreign currency exchange rates

     Kronos' sales are  denominated  in various  currencies,  including the U.S.
dollar,  the euro, other major European  currencies and the Canadian dollar. The
disclosure of the  percentage  change in Kronos'  average TiO2 selling prices in
billing  currencies  (which excludes the effects of fluctuations in the value of
the U.S.  dollar  relative  to other  currencies)  is  considered  a  "non-GAAP"
financial measure under regulations of the SEC. The disclosure of the percentage
change in Kronos'  average TiO2 selling  prices  using actual  foreign  currency
exchange rates prevailing  during the respective  periods is considered the most
directly  comparable  financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP ("GAAP
measure").  Kronos  discloses  percentage  changes in its average TiO2 prices in
billing  currencies  because Kronos  believes such  disclosure  provides  useful
information  to  investors  to allow them to analyze  such  changes  without the
impact of changes in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates,  thereby  facilitating
period-to-period  comparisons of the relative  changes in average selling prices
in the actual various billing currencies. Generally, when the U.S. dollar either
strengthens  or weakens  against  other  currencies,  the  percentage  change in
average  selling  prices  in  billing   currencies  will  be  higher  or  lower,
respectively,  than such percentage changes would be using actual exchange rates
prevailing during the respective  periods.  The difference between the 4% and 9%
increases  in  Kronos'  average  TiO2  selling  prices  during  2004  and  2005,
respectively,  as compared to the  respective  prior year using  actual  foreign
currency  exchange  rates  prevailing  during the  respective  periods (the GAAP
measure),  and the 2% decrease  and 8% increase in Kronos'  average TiO2 selling
prices in billing  currencies (the non-GAAP  measure) during such periods is due
to the effect of changes in foreign  currency  exchange  rates.  The above table
presents (i) the percentage  change in Kronos' average TiO2 selling prices using
actual foreign currency exchange rates prevailing during the respective  periods
(the GAAP measure),  (ii) the percentage  change in Kronos' average TiO2 selling
prices in billing  currencies  (the non-GAAP  measure) and (iii) the  percentage
change due to changes in foreign  currency  exchange  rates (or the  reconciling
item between the non-GAAP measure and the GAAP measure).

     Kronos has  substantial  operations and assets  located  outside the United
States (primarily in Germany,  Belgium, Norway and Canada). A significant amount
of Kronos' sales  generated  from its non-U.S.  operations  are  denominated  in
currencies  other  than the U.S.  dollar,  principally  the  euro,  other  major
European  currencies  and the  Canadian  dollar.  A  portion  of  Kronos'  sales
generated  from its non-U.S.  operations  are  denominated  in the U.S.  dollar.
Certain raw materials,  primarily titanium-containing  feedstocks, are purchased
in U.S.  dollars,  while  labor  and  other  production  costs  are  denominated
primarily in local currencies. Consequently, the translated U.S. dollar value of
Kronos'  foreign  sales and operating  results are subject to currency  exchange
rate fluctuations  which may favorably or adversely impact reported earnings and
may affect the comparability of  period-to-period  operating  results.  Overall,
fluctuations  in the  value of the U.S.  dollar  relative  to other  currencies,
primarily  the  euro,  increased  TiO2  sales  by a net $16  million  in 2005 as
compared to 2004,  and increased  sales by a net $60 million in 2004 as compared
to  2003.  Fluctuations  in the  value  of the  U.S.  dollar  relative  to other
currencies  similarly  impacted Kronos' foreign  currency-denominated  operating
expenses.  Kronos'  operating costs that are not denominated in the U.S. dollar,
when translated into U.S.  dollars,  were higher in 2005, 2004 and 2003 compared
to the same periods of the respective prior years.  Overall,  currency  exchange
rate fluctuations resulted in net increases of $6 million in Kronos' income from
operations in each of 2004 and 2005 as compared to the respective prior year.

     Outlook

     Kronos  expects its income from  operations in 2006 will be somewhat  lower
than 2005, as the favorable effect of anticipated  modest  improvements in sales
volumes and average TiO2  selling  prices are expected to be more than offset by
the effect of higher  production  costs,  particularly  raw  material and energy
costs.  Kronos'  expectations as to the future  prospects of Kronos and the TiO2
industry are based upon a number of factors  beyond Kronos'  control,  including
worldwide  growth of gross domestic  product,  competition  in the  marketplace,
unexpected  or   earlier-than-expected   capacity  additions  and  technological
advances.  If actual  developments  differ from  Kronos'  expectations,  Kronos'
results of operations could be unfavorably affected.

     Kronos' efforts to debottleneck its production facilities to meet long-term
demand continue to prove  successful.  Such  debottlenecking  efforts  included,
among other things,  the addition of finishing  capacity in the German  facility
and  equipment  upgrades  and  enhancements  in several  locations  to allow for
reduced downtime for maintenance  activities.  Kronos'  production  capacity has
increased by  approximately  30% over the past ten years due to  debottlenecking
programs,  with only moderate capital  expenditures.  Kronos believes its annual
attainable  production  capacity for 2006 is approximately  510,000 metric tons,
with some slight  additional  capacity  expected to be available in 2007 through
its continued debottlenecking efforts.

Other income (expense).

     The following table sets forth certain  information  regarding other income
and expense items.


<TABLE>
                                                   Years ended December 31,                     Change
                                             -----------------------------------       -----------------------
                                              2003          2004           2005         2003-04       2004-05
                                              ----          ----           ----         -------       -------
                                                                          (In millions)
<S>                                        <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
 Interest income from affiliates           $   .7        $   -          $   -         $  (.7)        $   -
 Trade interest income                         .7           1.1            1.2            .4             .1
 Other interest income                         .2           1.0             .9            .8            (.1)
 Securities transaction gain                   -             -             5.4            -             5.4
 Interest expense to affiliates              (1.8)        (15.2)            -          (13.4)          15.2
 Other interest expense                     (33.0)        (37.4)         (44.7)         (4.4)          (7.3)
                                           ------        ------         ------        ------         ------

                                           $(33.2)       $(50.5)        $(37.2)       $(17.3)        $ 13.3
                                           ======        ======         ======        ======         ======
</TABLE>

     Interest income  fluctuates in part based upon the amount of funds invested
and  yields  thereon.  Aggregate  interest  income  decreased  slightly  in 2005
compared  to 2004  due to lower  average  funds  available  for  investment.  As
compared to 2003,  aggregate  interest income in 2004 increased  $500,000 due to
higher average yields on invested  funds.  The Company  expects  interest income
will be slightly  higher in 2006 than 2005 due to higher average yields expected
on invested funds.

     Securities  transaction  gain in 2005 relates to the sale of the  Company's
passive interest in a Norwegian smelting operation, which had a nominal carrying
value  for  financial  reporting  purposes,   for  aggregate   consideration  of
approximately $5.4 million consisting of cash of $3.5 million and inventory with
a value of $1.9 million. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The Company has a significant  amount of  indebtedness  denominated  in the
euro,  including  KII's  euro-denominated  8.875% Senior  Secured Notes ("Senior
Secured Notes").  Accordingly, the reported amount of interest expense will vary
depending  on relative  changes in foreign  currency  exchange  rates.  Interest
expense  on  indebtedness  to third  parties  in 2005 was  higher  than 2004 due
primarily  to  higher  levels of  outstanding  indebtedness  resulting  from the
issuance of an additional euro 90 million principal amount of KII Senior Secured
Notes in November 2004. In addition, the increase in interest expense was due to
relative  changes in foreign currency  exchange rates,  which increased the U.S.
dollar  equivalent of interest expense on the euro 285 million  principal amount
of KII Senior  Secured Notes  outstanding  during all of 2003,  2004 and 2005 by
approximately  $3 million and by approximately $1 million in 2005 as compared to
2004.

     The Company did not report any interest  expense to  affiliates  in 2005 as
the $200 million  long-term note payable to affiliates was fully repaid in 2004.
See Note 10 to the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  The  Company  does not
currently expect to report any material  interest expense to affiliates in 2006.
Assuming  interest  rates and foreign  currency  exchange  rates do not increase
significantly from current levels,  interest expense on third party indebtedness
in 2006 is expected to be comparable to 2005.

     At  December  31,  2005,   approximately   $454  million  of   consolidated
indebtedness,  principally  KII's Senior Secured Notes,  bears interest at fixed
interest  rates  averaging  8.9% (2004 - $519  million  with a weighted  average
interest  rate of  8.9%;  2003 - $356  million  with a  weighted  average  fixed
interest  rate of 8.9%).  The weighted  average  interest rate on $12 million of
outstanding  variable rate  borrowings at December 31, 2005 was 7.0% (2004 - $14
million  outstanding  at  3.9%;  2003 -  none  outstanding).  See  Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     As noted above, KII has a significant amount of indebtedness denominated in
currencies  other  than  the  U.S.  dollar.  See  Item  7A,   "Quantitative  and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk."

     Provision  for income  taxes.  The  principal  reasons  for the  difference
between the Company's  effective income tax rates and the U.S. federal statutory
income  tax  rates  are  explained  in  Note  13 to the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

     The Company's  income tax expense in 2005 includes the net non-cash effects
of (i) the aggregate  favorable  effects of recent  developments with respect to
certain non-U.S. income tax audits of Kronos, principally in Belgium and Canada,
of $11.5 million ($.23 per diluted share) and (ii) the  unfavorable  effect with
respect to the loss of certain  income  tax  attributes  of Kronos in Germany of
$17.5 million ($.36 per diluted share).

     At December 31, 2005,  Kronos had the  equivalent  of $593 million and $104
million of income tax loss  carryforwards  for  German  corporate  and trade tax
purposes,  respectively,  all of which have no  expiration  date.  As more fully
described  in Note  13 to the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  Kronos  had
previously  provided a deferred  income tax asset  valuation  allowance  against
substantially all of these tax loss carryforwards and other deductible temporary
differences   in  Germany   because   Kronos  did  not  believe   they  met  the
"more-likely-than-not"  recognition  criteria.  During  the first six  months of
2004,  Kronos  reduced its  deferred  income tax asset  valuation  allowance  by
approximately $8.7 million, primarily as a result of utilization of these German
net operating loss  carryforwards,  the benefit of which had not previously been
recognized.  At June 30, 2004, after considering all available evidence,  Kronos
concluded  that  these  German  tax  loss  carryforwards  and  other  deductible
temporary differences now met the  "more-likely-than-not"  recognition criteria.
Under applicable GAAP related to accounting for income taxes at interim periods,
a change in  estimate  at an  interim  period  resulting  in a  decrease  in the
valuation  allowance is segregated into two  components,  the portion related to
the remaining interim periods of the current year and the portion related to all
future years.  The portion of the valuation  allowance  reversal  related to the
former is recognized over the remaining interim periods of the current year, and
the portion of the  valuation  allowance  related to the latter is recognized at
the time the  change in  estimate  is made.  Accordingly,  as of June 30,  2004,
Kronos reversed  $268.6 million of the valuation  allowance (the portion related
to future years), and Kronos reversed the remaining $3.4 million during the last
six months of 2004. Prior to the complete utilization of such carryforwards,  it
is possible  that the Company  might  conclude in the future that the benefit of
such carryforwards would no longer meet the  "more-likely-than-not"  recognition
criteria,  at which point the Company would be required to recognize a valuation
allowance   against  the   then-remaining   tax  benefit   associated  with  the
carryforwards.

     In  January  2004,  the  German  federal  government  enacted  new  tax law
amendments  that limit the annual  utilization of income tax loss  carryforwards
effective  January  1, 2004 to 60% of  taxable  income  after  the first  euro 1
million of taxable income. The new law will have a significant effect on Kronos'
cash tax  payments  in  Germany  going  forward,  the  extent  of which  will be
dependent upon the level of taxable income earned in Germany.

     During  2003,  Kronos  reduced  its  deferred  income  tax asset  valuation
allowance by an aggregate of approximately  $6.7 million,  primarily as a result
of  utilization  of certain  income tax attributes for which the benefit had not
previously  been  recognized.  In addition,  Kronos  recognized a $38.0  million
income tax benefit related to the net refund of certain prior year German income
taxes.

     In October  2004,  the American  Jobs Creation Act of 2004 was enacted into
law.  The new law  provided for a special 85%  deduction  for certain  dividends
received from a controlled foreign  corporation in 2005. In the third quarter of
2005, the Company  completed its evaluation of this new provision and determined
that it would not benefit from such special dividends received deduction.

     Related party transactions.  The Company is a party to certain transactions
with related parties. See Note 15 to the Consolidated  Financial Statements.  It
is the policy of the Company to engage in  transactions  with related parties on
terms,  in the opinion of the  Company,  no less  favorable  to the Company than
could be obtained from unrelated parties.

     Accounting  principles  newly adopted in 2003 and 2004.  See Note 19 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Accounting  principles  not yet  adopted.  See Note 20 to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

     Defined  benefit  pension  plans.  The Company  maintains  various  defined
benefit  pension  plans  in the  U.S.,  Europe  and  Canada.  See Note 14 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The Company  accounts for its defined  benefit pension plans using SFAS No.
87,  "Employer's  Accounting for Pensions."  Under SFAS No. 87, defined  benefit
pension plan expense and prepaid and accrued  pension costs are each  recognized
based on certain actuarial  assumptions,  principally the assumed discount rate,
the assumed  long-term rate of return on plan assets and the assumed increase in
future compensation levels. The Company recognized  consolidated defined benefit
pension plan expense of $8.4  million in 2003,  $13.2  million in 2004 and $14.1
million in 2005. The amount of funding  requirements  for these defined  benefit
pension plans is generally based upon applicable  regulations  (such as ERISA in
the U.S.), and will generally differ from pension expense  recognized under SFAS
No. 87 for financial  reporting  purposes.  Contributions made by the Company to
all of its plans  aggregated  $13.6  million in 2003,  $17.1 million in 2004 and
$18.6 million in 2005.

     The discount rates the Company  utilizes for  determining  defined  benefit
pension  expense  and the  related  pension  obligations  are  based on  current
interest  rates  earned on  long-term  bonds that receive one of the two highest
ratings given by recognized rating agencies in the applicable  country where the
defined  benefit  pension  benefits  are being paid.  In  addition,  the Company
receives advice about appropriate discount rates from the Company's  third-party
actuaries,  who may in some cases utilize their own market indices. The discount
rates  are  adjusted  as of each  valuation  date  (September  30th) to  reflect
then-current  interest  rates on such long-term  bonds.  Such discount rates are
used to determine the actuarial  present value of the pension  obligations as of
December 31st of that year,  and such discount  rates are also used to determine
the interest  component of defined  benefit  pension  expense for the  following
year.

     At December 31, 2005,  approximately  65%, 14%, 14% and 4% of the projected
benefit obligation related to Company plans in Germany,  Norway,  Canada and the
U.S., respectively. The Company uses several different discount rate assumptions
in determining its  consolidated  defined  benefit pension plan  obligations and
expense because the Company  maintains  defined benefit pension plans in several
different   countries  in  North  America  and  Europe  and  the  interest  rate
environment differs from country to country.

     The Company  used the  following  discount  rates for its  defined  benefit
pension plans:
<TABLE>

                                                      Discount rates used for:
                  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Obligations at                    Obligations at                  Obligations at
                   December 31, 2003 and expense      December 31, 2004 and expense        December 31, 2005 and
                              in 2004                          in 2005                      expense in 2006
                  ---------------------------------  -------------------------------  ------------------------------

<S>                             <C>                                <C>                              <C>
  Germany                       5.3%                               5.0%                             4.0%
  Norway                        5.5%                               5.0%                             4.5%
  Canada                        6.3%                               6.0%                             5.0%
  U.S.                          5.9%                               5.8%                             5.5%
</TABLE>

     The  assumed  long-term  rate of  return  on  plan  assets  represents  the
estimated  average rate of earnings  expected to be earned on the funds invested
or to be invested  in the plans'  assets  provided to fund the benefit  payments
inherent in the projected benefit  obligations.  Unlike the discount rate, which
is adjusted each year based on changes in current long-term  interest rates, the
assumed  long-term  rate of return on plan  assets will not  necessarily  change
based upon the actual,  short-term  performance  of the plan assets in any given
year.  Defined  benefit  pension  expense  each year is based  upon the  assumed
long-term  rate of return on plan assets for each plan and the actual fair value
of the plan  assets as of the  beginning  of the year.  Differences  between the
expected  return on plan  assets  for a given  year and the  actual  return  are
deferred  and  amortized  over future  periods  based  either upon the  expected
average  remaining  service life of the active plan  participants (for plans for
which  benefits  are still  being  earned by active  employees)  or the  average
remaining  life  expectancy  of the inactive  participants  (for plans for which
benefits are not still being earned by active employees).

     At December 31, 2005, approximately 51%, 19%, 18% and 7% of the plan assets
related to the  Company's  plans in the  Germany,  Norway,  Canada and the U.S.,
respectively.  The Company uses several  different  long-term rates of return on
plan asset  assumptions in determining its consolidated  defined benefit pension
plan expense  because the Company  maintains  defined  benefit  pension plans in
several  different  countries  in North  America and Europe,  the plan assets in
different  countries  are  invested in a different  mix of  investments  and the
long-term  rates of return for  different  investments  differ  from  country to
country.

     In  determining  the  expected  long-term  rate of  return  on  plan  asset
assumptions,  the Company  considers  the long-term  asset mix (e.g.  equity vs.
fixed  income) for the assets for each of its plans and the  expected  long-term
rates of return for such asset  components.  In addition,  the Company  receives
advice  about   appropriate   long-term  rates  of  return  from  the  Company's
third-party actuaries. Such assumed asset mixes are summarized below:

o    In Germany,  the composition of the Company's plan assets is established to
     satisfy the  requirements of the German  insurance  commissioner.  The plan
     asset  allocation at December 31, 2005 was 23% to equity  managers,  48% to
     fixed  income  managers  and 29% to real estate  (2004 - 23%,  48% and 29%,
     respectively).
o    In Norway,  the Company currently has a plan asset target allocation of 14%
     to equity  managers  and 64% to fixed  income  managers  and the  remainder
     primarily to cash and liquid  investments.  The expected  long-term rate of
     return for such  investments is  approximately  8% and 4.5% to 6% and 2.5%,
     respectively.  The plan asset  allocation  at December  31, 2005 was 16% to
     equity  managers  and  62% to  fixed  income  managers  and  the  remainder
     primarily  to  cash  and  liquid  investments  (2004 - 16%,  64%  and  20%,
     respectively).
o    In Canada,  the Company currently has a plan asset target allocation of 65%
     to equity  managers  and 35% to fixed  income  managers,  with an  expected
     long-term rate of return for such investments to average  approximately 125
     basis points above the applicable equity or fixed income index. The current
     plan asset allocation at December 31, 2005 was 64% to equity managers,  32%
     to fixed income managers and 4% to other  investments  (2004 - 60%, 40% and
     nil, respectively).
o    During  2005,  the plan assets in the U.S.  were  invested in the  Combined
     Master Retirement Trust ("CMRT"),  a collective  investment trust sponsored
     by Contran to permit the  collective  investment  by certain  master trusts
     which fund certain employee benefits plans sponsored by Contran and certain
     of its  affiliates.  Harold  Simmons is the sole  trustee of the CMRT.  The
     CMRT's  long-term  investment  objective  is to  provide  a rate of  return
     exceeding a  composite  of broad  market  equity and fixed  income  indices
     (including  the  S&P  500  and  certain  Russell  indices)  utilizing  both
     third-party  investment  managers  as well as  investments  directed by Mr.
     Simmons.  During the 18-year history of the CMRT through December 31, 2005,
     the average  annual rate of return has been  approximately  14% (with a 36%
     return for 2005). At December 31, 2005 the asset mix of the CMRT was 86% in
     U.S.  equity  securities,  3%  in  U.S.  fixed  income  securities,  7%  in
     international  equity securities and 4% in cash and other  investments.  At
     December  31,  2004,  the  asset  mix of the  CMRT  was 77% in U.S.  equity
     securities, 14% in U.S. fixed income securities, 7% in international equity
     securities and 2% in cash and other investments.

     The Company  regularly  reviews its actual asset allocation for each of its
plans,  and will  periodically  rebalance the  investments  in each plan to more
accurately reflect the targeted allocation when considered appropriate.

     The Company's  assumed  long-term  rates of return on plan assets for 2003,
2004 and 2005 were as follows:
<TABLE>

                                2003                 2004                   2005
                                ----                 ----                   ----

<S>                             <C>                  <C>                    <C>
  Germany                       6.5%                 6.0%                   5.5%
  Norway                        6.0%                 6.0%                   5.5%
  Canada                        7.0%                 7.0%                   7.0%
  U.S.                         10.0%                10.0%                  10.0%
</TABLE>

     The Company  currently expects to utilize the same long-term rate of return
on plan asset assumptions in 2006 as it used in 2005 for purposes of determining
the 2006 defined benefit pension plan expense.

     To the extent that a plan's particular  pension benefit formula  calculates
the pension benefit in whole or in part based upon future  compensation  levels,
the projected benefit  obligations and the pension expense will be based in part
upon expected increases in future compensation  levels. For all of the Company's
plans for which the benefit  formula is so  calculated,  the  Company  generally
bases the assumed expected increase in future  compensation  levels upon average
long-term inflation rates for the applicable country.

     In addition  to the  actuarial  assumptions  discussed  above,  because the
Company  maintains defined benefit pension plans outside the U.S., the amount of
recognized defined benefit pension expense and the amount of prepaid and accrued
pension costs will vary based upon relative changes in foreign currency exchange
rates.

     As  discussed  above,  assumed  discount  rates  and rate of return on plan
assets are  re-evaluated  annually.  A reduction  in the assumed  discount  rate
generally  results in an actuarial loss, as the  actuarially-determined  present
value of  estimated  future  benefit  payments  will  increase.  Conversely,  an
increase in the assumed discount rate generally results in an actuarial gain. In
addition,  an actual return on plan assets for a given year that is greater than
the assumed return on plan assets results in an actuarial gain,  while an actual
return  on plan  assets  that is less  than the  assumed  return  results  in an
actuarial  loss.  Other actual  outcomes that differ from previous  assumptions,
such as  individuals  living longer or shorter than assumed in mortality  tables
which are also used to determine  the  actuarially-determined  present  value of
estimated future benefit payments, changes in such mortality table themselves or
plan amendments,  will also result in actuarial losses or gains. Under GAAP, all
of such actuarial gains and losses are not recognized in earnings currently, but
instead  are  deferred  and  amortized  into income in the future as part of net
periodic defined benefit pension cost. However, any actuarial gains generated in
future periods would reduce the negative  amortization  effect of any cumulative
unrecognized  actuarial  losses,  while any actuarial losses generated in future
periods  would  reduce  the  favorable  amortization  effect  of any  cumulative
unrecognized actuarial gains.

     During 2005, all of the Company's defined benefit pension plans generated a
net actuarial loss of $95.3 million. This actuarial loss resulted primarily from
the  general  overall  reduction  in the assumed  discount  rates as well as the
unfavorable  effect of using updated  mortality tables (which generally  reflect
individuals living longer than prior mortality tables used), partially offset by
an actual return on plan assets in excess of the assumed return.

     While  actuarial gains and losses are deferred and amortized into income in
future periods,  as discussed above, GAAP also requires that a minimum amount of
accrued pension cost be recognized in a statement of financial  position for any
plans for which the accumulated  benefit  obligation is less than the fair value
of plan  assets.  To the extent GAAP  accounting  would  otherwise  result in an
accrued pension cost balance for such plans that was less than the excess of the
aggregate  accumulated  benefit  obligation  over the value of the related  plan
assets,  GAAP then requires that such excess be recognized as a component of the
consolidated  accrued pension cost,  with the offset to such additional  accrued
pension  cost  (commonly  referred  to as  an  "additional  minimum  liability")
recognized (i) first as an intangible asset up to specified amounts (referred to
as  "unrecognized  net pension  obligations" in the Company's  balance sheet and
then (ii) second as part of accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss). At
December 31, 2005,  and  primarily as a result of the  aggregate  $95.3  million
actuarial  loss  generated  during 2005 as  discussed  above,  the amount of the
additional  minimum liability required to be recognized by the Company increased
by  approximately  $87 million at December  31, 2005 as compared to December 31,
2004,  resulting  in the  Company  recognized  aggregate  accrued  pension  cost
(current and  noncurrent)  of $140.2 million at December 31, 2005 as compared to
$57.0 million at December 31, 2004.

     Based  on the  actuarial  assumptions  described  above  and the  Company's
current expectation for what actual average foreign currency exchange rates will
be during 2006, the Company  expects its defined  benefit  pension  expense will
approximate  $19  million in 2006.  In  comparison,  the  Company  expects to be
required to make approximately $18 million of contributions to such plans during
2006.

     As noted above,  defined benefit pension expense and the amounts recognized
as accrued  pension  costs are based upon the  actuarial  assumptions  discussed
above. The Company believes all of the actuarial assumptions used are reasonable
and  appropriate.  If the Company had  lowered the assumed  discount  rate by 25
basis  points  for all of its  plans as of  December  31,  2005,  the  Company's
aggregate  projected  benefit  obligations would have increased by approximately
$15.2 million at that date, and the Company's  defined  benefit  pension expense
would be expected  to  increase  by  approximately  $2.0  million  during  2006.
Similarly,  if the Company lowered the assumed  long-term rate of return on plan
assets by 25 basis points for all of its plans,  the Company's  defined  benefit
pension expense would be expected to increase by  approximately  $600,000 during
2006.

     OPEB plans.  Certain  subsidiaries  of the  Company in the U.S.  and Canada
currently  provide certain health care and life insurance  benefits for eligible
retired employees.  See Note 14 to the Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  The
Company accounts for such OPEB costs under SFAS No. 106,  "Employers  Accounting
for  Postretirement  Benefits  other than  Pensions."  Under SFAS No. 106,  OPEB
expense  and  accrued  OPEB  costs are based on certain  actuarial  assumptions,
principally  the assumed  discount  rate and the assumed  rate of  increases  in
future health care costs.  The Company  recognized  consolidated  OPEB income of
approximately  $133,000  in 2003 and  consolidated  OPEB  cost of  approximately
$455,000  in 2004 and  $239,000  in 2005.  Similar  to defined  benefit  pension
benefits,  the amount of funding  will differ from the  expense  recognized  for
financial  reporting  purposes,  and contributions to the plans to cover benefit
payments aggregated $1.0 million in each of 2003 and 2004 and approximately $1.3
million in 2005. Substantially all of the Company's accrued OPEB cost relates to
benefits being paid to current  retirees and their  dependents,  and no material
amount of OPEB benefits are being earned by current employees.  As a result, the
amount  recognized for OPEB expense for financial  reporting  purposes has been,
and is expected to  continue to be,  significantly  less than the amount of OPEB
benefit payments made each year. Accordingly, the amount of accrued OPEB expense
has been, and is expected to continue to, decline gradually.

     The  assumed  discount  rates the Company  utilizes  for  determining  OPEB
expense and the related accrued OPEB obligations are generally based on the same
discount rates the Company  utilizes for its U.S. and Canadian  defined  benefit
pension plans.

     In estimating  the health care cost trend rate,  the Company  considers its
actual health care cost experience,  future benefit structures,  industry trends
and advice from its third-party actuaries.  During each of the past three years,
the  Company has assumed  that the  relative  increase in health care costs will
generally  trend downward over the next several years,  reflecting,  among other
things,   assumed  increases  in  efficiency  in  the  health  care  system  and
industry-wide cost containment  initiatives.  For example, at December 31, 2005,
the  expected  rate of  increase in future  health care costs  ranges from 9% in
2006, declining to 5% to 5.5% in 2009 and thereafter.

     Based  on the  actuarial  assumptions  described  above  and the  Company's
current expectation for what actual average foreign currency exchange rates will
be  during  2006,  the  Company  expects  its  consolidated  OPEB  expense  will
approximate $800,000 in 2006. In comparison,  the Company expects to be required
to make approximately $790,000 of contributions to such plans during 2006.

     As noted  above,  OPEB  expense and the amount  recognized  as accrued OPEB
costs are based upon the  actuarial  assumptions  discussed  above.  The Company
believes all of the actuarial  assumptions  used are reasonable and appropriate.
If the Company had lowered the assumed  discount rate by 25 basis points for all
of its OPEB plans as of December 31, 2005,  the  Company's  aggregate  projected
benefit obligations would have increased by approximately $400,000 at that date,
and the  Company's  OPEB  expense  would be  expected  to  increase by less than
$50,000  during 2006.  Similarly,  if the assumed  future health care cost trend
rate had been  increased by 100 basis  points,  the Company's  accumulated  OPEB
obligations  would have increased by approximately  $1.4 million at December 31,
2005, and OPEB expense would have increased by $100,000 in 2005.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Summary

     The Company's  primary  source of liquidity on an ongoing basis is its cash
flows from  operating  activities,  which is generally  used to (i) fund capital
expenditures,  (ii) repay short-term indebtedness incurred primarily for working
capital  purposes and (iii) provide for the payment of  dividends.  In addition,
from  time-to-time  the Company will incur  indebtedness,  generally to (i) fund
short-term working capital needs, (ii) refinance existing  indebtedness or (iii)
fund major capital  expenditures  or the acquisition of other assets outside the
ordinary course of business. Also, the Company may from time-to-time sell assets
outside the  ordinary  course of business,  the proceeds of which are  generally
used to (i) repay existing indebtedness  (including  indebtedness which may have
been collateralized by the assets sold), (ii) fund major capital expenditures or
the acquisition of other assets outside the ordinary course of business or (iii)
pay dividends.

     At  December  31,  2005,  the  Company's   indebtedness  was  substantially
comprised of $449 million  related to KII's Senior Secured Notes due in 2009 and
$11.5  million  related to Kronos' U.S. $50 million  revolving  credit  facility
("U.S.  Credit Facility") due in September 2008.  Accordingly,  the Company does
not currently expect that a significant  amount of its cash flows from operating
activities  generated  during  2006  will  be  required  to  be  used  to  repay
indebtedness during 2006.




Consolidated cash flows

     The Company's  consolidated cash flows for each of the past three years are
presented below:
<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  ------------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004             2005
                                                   ----              ----             ----
                                                                 (in millions)

<S>                                              <C>               <C>              <C>
Operating activities                             $ 107.6           $ 151.0          $  97.8
Investing activities                               (35.4)            (39.8)           (39.6)
Financing activities                               (61.8)           (108.8)           (44.8)
                                                 -------           -------          -------

Net cash provided by operating,
    investing and financing activities           $  10.4           $   2.4          $  13.4
                                                 =======           =======          =======
</TABLE>

     Operating  cash  flows.  Trends in cash  flows  from  operating  activities
(excluding the impact of significant asset  dispositions and relative changes in
assets  and  liabilities)  are  generally  similar  to trends  in the  Company's
earnings. However, certain items included in the determination of net income are
non-cash,  and therefore  such items have no impact on cash flows from operating
activities.  Non-cash items included in the  determination of net income include
depreciation and amortization  expense,  non-cash  interest expense and deferred
income taxes.  Non-cash  interest  expense  relates to  amortization of original
issue discount or premium on certain  indebtedness  and amortization of deferred
financing costs.

     Certain other items included in the determination of net income may have an
impact on cash flows from operating activities,  but the impact of such items on
cash  flows from  operating  activities  will  differ  from their  impact on net
income. For example, the amount of periodic defined benefit pension plan expense
and periodic OPEB expense  depends upon a number of factors,  including  certain
actuarial assumptions,  and changes in such actuarial assumptions will result in
a change in the  reported  expense.  In  addition,  the amount of such  periodic
expense  generally  differs from the  outflows of cash  required to be currently
paid for such benefits.

     Certain  other items  included in the  determination  of net income have no
impact on cash flows from  operating  activities,  but such items do impact cash
flows  from  investing  activities  (although  their  impact on such cash  flows
differs from their impact on net income). For example, realized gains and losses
from the disposal of long-lived  assets are included in the determination of net
income,  although the proceeds  from any such disposal are shown as part of cash
flows from investing activities.

     Changes in product pricing,  production volumes and customer demand,  among
other things,  can significantly  affect the liquidity of the Company.  Relative
changes  in  assets  and  liabilities   generally  result  from  the  timing  of
production,  sales, purchases and income tax payments. Such relative changes can
significantly  impact the comparability of cash flow from operations from period
to period, as the income statement impact of such items may occur in a different
period from when the  underlying  cash  transaction  occurs.  For  example,  raw
materials may be purchased in one period, but the payment for such raw materials
may  occur  in a  subsequent  period.  Similarly,  inventory  may be sold in one
period,  but the cash  collection  of the  receivable  may occur in a subsequent
period.  Relative  changes in accounts  receivable  are affected by, among other
things,  the timing of sales and the  collection  of the  resulting  receivable.
Relative changes in inventories,  accounts  payable and accrued  liabilities are
affected by, among other  things,  the timing of raw material  purchases and the
payment  for such  purchases  and the  relative  difference  between  production
volumes and sales volumes.

     Cash flows provided from operating activities decreased from $151.0 million
in 2004 to $97.8 million in 2005. This $53.2 million  decrease was due primarily
to the net  effect of (i)  lower net  income  of  $243.8  million,  (ii)  higher
deferred  income  taxes  of  $289.8  million,   (iii)  lower   depreciation  and
amortization  expense of approximately  $500,000,  (iv) lower net  distributions
from Kronos' TiO2  manufacturing  joint  venture of $3.8  million,  (v) a higher
amount  of  net  cash  used  to  fund  changes  in  the  Company's  inventories,
receivables,  payables,  accruals and accounts with  affiliates of $67.9 million
and (vi) higher cash paid for income taxes of $53.7  million,  due  primarily to
aggregate income tax refunds of $44.7 million received in 2004.

     Cash flows from operating  activities increased from $107.7 million in 2003
to $151.0 million in 2004. This $43.3 million  increase was due primarily to the
effect of (i) higher net income of $227.3 million, (ii) a larger deferred income
tax  benefit of $299.8  million,  (iii)  higher  depreciation  and  amortization
expense  of  $4.6  million,   (iv)  higher  net  distributions   from  the  TiO2
manufacturing  joint  venture of $7.7  million,  (v) a higher amount of net cash
generated  from  relative  changes in the  Company's  inventories,  receivables,
payables and accruals and accounts  with  affiliates of $34.9 million in 2004 as
compared  to 2003  and (vi)  higher  cash  received  for  income  taxes of $25.3
million.

     The Company's average days sales outstanding ("DSO") decreased from 60 days
at  December  31,  2004 to 55 days at December  31,  2005,  due to the timing of
collections.  At December  31,  2005,  the average  number of days in  inventory
("DII")  increased  to 102 days  from 97 days at  December  31,  2004 due to the
effects of higher production volume and lower sales volume.

     Investing  cash  flows.  The  Company's  capital  expenditures  were  $35.2
million,  $39.3 million and $43.4 million in 2003, 2004 and 2005,  respectively.
In  addition,  the Company  purchased  additional  shares of its  majority-owned
French subsidiary for $575,000 in 2004, and the Company received $3.5 million in
2005 from the sale of its passive interest in a Norwegian smelting operations.

     The Company's capital  expenditures  during the past three years include an
aggregate of  approximately  $15 million ($4 million in 2005) for the  Company's
ongoing  environmental   protection  and  compliance  programs.   The  Company's
estimated 2006 capital expenditures are $41 million and include approximately $6
million in the area of environmental protection and compliance.

     Financing  cash flows.  During 2005, the Company (i) repaid euro 10 million
($12.9 million when repaid) under its European  Credit  Facility,  (ii) borrowed
$47.3 million and repaid $35.8 million under its U.S.  credit facility and (iii)
entered into additional  capital lease  agreements for certain mining  equipment
for the equivalent of approximately $4.4 million. During 2004, (i) KII issued an
additional euro 90 million  principal  amount of it Senior Secured Notes at 107%
of par  (equivalent  to $130  million  when  issued)  and (ii)  KII's  operating
subsidiaries  in Germany and Belgium  borrowed an  aggregate  of euro 90 million
($112 million when borrowed) of borrowings  under its European Credit  Facility,
of which euro 80 million ($100 million when repaid) were subsequently repaid.

     On September 24, 2004, NL completed the acquisition of the shares of common
stock of CompX International Inc.  previously held by Valhi and Valcor,  Inc., a
wholly-owned  subsidiary of Valhi.  The purchase price for these shares was paid
by NL's transfer to Valhi and Valcor of an aggregate $168.6 million of NL's $200
million   long-term  note  receivable  from  Kronos.  In  October  2004,  Valcor
distributed its note receivable from Kronos to Valhi,  and  subsequently  Kronos
prepaid $100.0 million on the note payable to Valhi (including accrued interest)
principally  using  available  cash on hand.  In November  2004,  the  remaining
balances due under these notes were repaid primarily using the funds raised from
the issuance of euro 90 million  principal amount of KII's Senior Secured Notes,
and the notes were cancelled.

     In March 2003, the Company's operating subsidiaries in Germany, Belgium and
Norway  borrowed euro 15 million ($16.1 million when  borrowed),  in April 2003,
repaid NOK 80 million  ($11.0  million when repaid) and in the third  quarter of
2003,  repaid euro 30.0 million  ($33.9  million when repaid) under its European
Credit Facility.

     Deferred  financing  costs  of $2.0  million  paid in 2004  for the  Senior
Secured Notes,  the European  Credit  Facility and the Company's U.S.  revolving
credit facility are being  amortized over the life of the respective  agreements
and are included in other noncurrent assets as of December 31, 2005.

     Cash dividends paid during 2003, 2004 and 2005 totaled $7.0 million,  $48.9
million and $48.9  million,  respectively.  On February 21, 2006,  the Company's
Board of Directors  declared a regular  quarterly  dividend of $.25 per share to
stockholders  of record as of March 10, 2006 to be paid on March 27,  2006.  The
declaration and payment of future dividends is discretionary, and the amount, if
any,  will be dependent  upon the  Company's  results of  operations,  financial
condition,  contractual  restrictions  and other factors deemed  relevant by the
Company's Board of Directors.

     Cash flows related to capital  contributions  and other  transactions  with
affiliates  aggregated a net cash inflow of $19.7 million in 2003.  Such amounts
related  principally  to  loans  that  Kronos  made to  affiliates  (such  notes
receivable from affiliates being reported as reductions to Kronos' stockholders'
equity, and therefore considered financing cash flows). Additionally, settlement
of the  above-mentioned  notes receivable from affiliates was not then currently
contemplated in the foreseeable future.

     Provisions  contained in certain of Kronos' credit  agreements could result
in the acceleration of the applicable indebtedness prior to its stated maturity.
For  example,  certain  credit  agreements  allow the lender to  accelerate  the
maturity  of the  indebtedness  upon a change of  control  (as  defined)  of the
borrower.   In  addition,   certain  credit   agreements  could  result  in  the
acceleration of all or a portion of the indebtedness  following a sale of assets
outside the ordinary course of business.

     KII's  assets   consist   primarily  of   investments   in  its   operating
subsidiaries, and its ability to service its parent level obligations, including
the  Senior  Secured  Notes,  depends  in large  part upon the  distribution  of
earnings  of its  subsidiaries,  whether in the form of  dividends,  advances or
payments  on account  of  intercompany  obligation,  or  otherwise.  None of its
subsidiaries have guaranteed the Senior Secured Notes,  although KII has pledged
65% of the common stock or other ownership interest of certain of its first-tier
operating subsidiaries as collateral of such Senior Secured Notes.

     Off-balance  sheet  financing.   Other  than  operating  lease  commitments
disclosed in Note 16 to the Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  the Company is
not party to any material off-balance sheet financing arrangements.

     Cash,  cash  equivalents,  restricted  cash and restricted  marketable debt
securities  and borrowing  availability.  At December 31, 2005,  the Company had
current cash and cash equivalents  aggregating $72.0 million ($67.5 million held
by non-U.S. subsidiaries). At December 31, 2005, the Company's U.S. and non-U.S.
subsidiaries  had  current  restricted  cash  equivalents  of $1.4  million  and
noncurrent  restricted  marketable debt securities of $2.6 million.  At December
31, 2005,  certain of the Company's  subsidiaries had approximately $139 million
available for borrowing with approximately $105 million available under non-U.S.
credit facilities (including approximately $92 million under the European Credit
Facility and $13 million under its Canadian credit  facility) and  approximately
$34  million  available  under the U.S.  Credit  Facility  (based  on  borrowing
availability). At December 31, 2005, KII had approximately $92 million available
for  payment  of  dividends  and other  restricted  payments  as  defined in the
indenture for the Senior Secured Notes.

     Based upon the Company's expectations for the TiO2 industry and anticipated
demands on the Company's cash  resources as discussed  herein,  (including  debt
refinancing  expectations)  the Company expects to have sufficient  liquidity to
meet its  short-term  obligations  (defined as the  twelve-month  period  ending
December  31,  2006) and its  long-term  obligations  (defined as the  five-year
period ending December 31, 2010, the time period for which the Company generally
does long-term  budgeting),  including operations,  capital  expenditures,  debt
service  and current  dividend  policy.  To the extent that actual  developments
differ  from  the  Company's  expectations,  the  Company's  liquidity  could be
adversely affected.

     Legal   proceedings  and  environmental   matters.   See  Note  16  to  the
Consolidated   Financial   Statements   for  certain   legal   proceedings   and
environmental matters with respect to the Company.

     Foreign  operations.  As  discussed  above,  the  Company  has  substantial
operations  located outside the United States for which the functional  currency
is not the U.S. dollar. As a result, the reported amount of the Company's assets
and liabilities related to its non-U.S.  operations, and therefore the Company's
consolidated net assets,  will fluctuate based upon changes in currency exchange
rates. At December 31, 2005, the Company had substantial net assets  denominated
in the  euro,  Canadian  dollar,  Norwegian  kroner  and  United  Kingdom  pound
sterling.

     Other.  The Company  periodically  evaluates  its  liquidity  requirements,
alternative uses of capital, capital needs and availability of resources in view
of,  among other  things,  its  dividend  policy,  its debt  service and capital
expenditure  requirements and estimated future operating cash flows. As a result
of this process, the Company in the past has sought, and in the future may seek,
to reduce, refinance,  repurchase or restructure indebtedness;  raise additional
capital;  issue additional  securities;  repurchase  shares of its common stock;
modify its dividend policy;  restructure ownership interests;  sell interests in
subsidiaries or other assets; or take a combination of such steps or other steps
to manage its  liquidity  and  capital  resources.  In the normal  course of its
business, the Company may review opportunities for the acquisition, divestiture,
joint  venture  or  other  business  combinations  in  the  chemicals  or  other
industries, as well as the acquisition of interests in related companies. In the
event of any such  transaction,  the Company may consider using  available cash,
issuing equity securities or increasing its indebtedness to the extent permitted
by the  agreements  governing the  Company's  existing  debt.  See Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Non-GAAP  financial  measures.  In an  effort  to  provide  investors  with
additional  information  regarding the Company's  results as determined by GAAP,
Kronos has disclosed  certain  non-GAAP  information  which the Company believes
provides  useful  information  to  investors.  As discussed  above,  the Company
discloses  percentage changes in its average TiO2 prices in billing  currencies,
which excludes the effects of foreign currency  translation.  Such disclosure of
the  percentage  change  in  Kronos'  average  TiO2  selling  price  in  billing
currencies is considered a "non-GAAP" financial measure under regulations of the
SEC. The  disclosure  of the  percentage  change in the  Company's  average TiO2
selling prices using actual foreign currency  exchange rates  prevailing  during
the respective periods is considered the most directly  comparable GAAP measure.
The Company discloses  percentage  changes in its average TiO2 prices in billing
currencies  because  the  Company  believes  such  disclosure   provides  useful
information  to  investors  to allow them to analyze  such  changes  without the
impact of changes in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates,  thereby  facilitating
period-to-period  comparisons of the relative  changes in average selling prices
in the actual various billing currencies. Generally, when the U.S. dollar either
strengthens  or weakens  against  other  currencies,  the  percentage  change in
average  selling  prices  in  billing   currencies  will  be  higher  or  lower,
respectively,   than  such  percentage   changes  using  actual  exchange  rates
prevailing during the respective periods.

Summary of debt and other contractual commitments

     As  more  fully  described  in  the  notes  to the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements,  the Company is a party to various debt,  lease and other agreements
which  contractually  and  unconditionally  commit the  Company  to pay  certain
amounts  in the  future.  See Notes 8, 15 and 16 to the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.  The Company's obligation for the purchase of TiO2 feedstock is more
fully described in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and above in
"Business - raw  materials." The following  table  summarizes  such  contractual
commitments of the Company and its consolidated  subsidiaries as of December 31,
2005 by the type and date of payment.
<TABLE>

                                                                          Payment due date
                                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                            2011 and
 Contractual commitment                      2006         2007/2008       2009/2010           after         Total
 ----------------------                      ----         ---------       ---------         ---------      ------
                                                                         (In millions)

<S>                     <C>                <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>
Third-party indebtedness(1)                $   1.0        $   13.2        $ 451.1         $    -         $  465.3

Interest payments on third-party
    indebtedness                              39.9            79.2           38.8              -            157.9

Operating leases                               4.8             6.6            3.7            21.1            36.2

Fixed asset acquisitions                       7.4              -              -               -              7.4

Long-term supply contracts for the
   purchase of TiO2 feedstock                194.6           312.7          173.5              -            680.8

Estimated tax obligations                     24.4              -              -               -             24.4
                                           -------        --------        -------         -------        --------

                                           $ 272.1        $  411.7        $ 667.1         $  21.1        $1,372.0
                                           =======        ========        =======         =======        ========
</TABLE>
_____________________________

(1)  Primarily relates to KII's Senior Secured Notes. See Item 7A, "Quantitative
     and  Qualitative   Disclosures  about  Market  Risk"  and  Note  8  to  the
     Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The  timing  and  amount  shown for the  Company's  commitments  related to
indebtedness   (principal  and   interest),   operating   leases,   fixed  asset
acquisitions,   long-term   supply  contracts  and  other  are  based  upon  the
contractual   payment  amount  and  the   contractual   payment  date  for  such
commitments.  With respect to revolving credit facilities,  the amount shown for
indebtedness  is based upon the actual amount  outstanding at December 31, 2005,
and the amount shown for interest for any outstanding variable-rate indebtedness
is based  upon the  December  31,  2005  interest  rate and  assumes  that  such
variable-rate  indebtedness  remains  outstanding  until  the  maturity  of  the
facility. The amount shown for income taxes is the consolidated amount of income
taxes  payable at December 31, 2005,  which is assumed to be paid during 2006. A
significant portion of the amount shown for indebtedness relates to KII's Senior
Secured  Notes  ($449.3  million at December 31,  2005).  Such  indebtedness  is
denominated in euro. See Item 7A -  "Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosures
About Market Risk" and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Kronos'  contracts  for  the  purchase  of  TiO2  feedstock  contain  fixed
quantities  that  Kronos is  required  to  purchase,  although  certain of these
contracts allow for an upward or downward  adjustment in the quantity purchased,
generally no more than 10%, based on the Company's feedstock  requirements.  The
pricing under these  agreements  is generally  based on a fixed price with price
escalation clauses primarily based on consumer price indices,  as defined in the
respective contracts.  The timing and amount shown for the Company's commitments
related to the long-term  supply  contracts for TiO2 feedstock is based upon the
Company's current estimate of the quantity of material that will be purchased in
each time  period  shown,  and the  payment  that  would be due based  upon such
estimated  purchased  quantity  and an  estimate  of  the  effect  of the  price
escalation  clause.  The actual  amount of  material  purchased,  and the actual
amount  that  would be  payable  by the  Company,  may vary from such  estimated
amounts.

     The above table does not reflect any amounts that the Company  might pay to
fund its defined  benefit pension plans and OPEB plans, as the timing and amount
of any such future  fundings are unknown and  dependent  on, among other things,
the future  performance of defined  benefit  pension plan assets,  interest rate
assumptions  and actual  future  retiree  medical  costs.  Such defined  benefit
pension plans and OPEB plans are discussed  above in greater  detail.  The table
also does not  reflect any  amounts  that the  Company  might pay related to its
asset  retirement  obligations as the terms and amounts of such future  fundings
are unknown. See Notes 14 and 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The above table also does not reflect any amounts the Company  might pay to
acquire TiO2 from its TiO2 manufacturing joint venture, as the timing and amount
of such  purchases are unknown and dependent on, among other things,  the amount
of TiO2  produced  by the joint  venture in the  future and the joint  venture's
future cost of producing  such TiO2.  However,  the table does  include  amounts
related to Kronos' share of the joint  venture's ore  requirements  necessary to
produce TiO2 for Kronos.  See Item 1, "Business" and Note 6 to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     General.  The  Company is exposed  to market  risk from  changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity security prices. In the past,
the Company has periodically  entered into currency forward contracts,  interest
rate  swaps or other  types of  contracts  in order to manage a  portion  of its
interest rate market risk. Otherwise,  the Company does not generally enter into
forward or option  contracts to manage such market  risks,  nor does the Company
enter into any such contract or other type of derivative  instrument for trading
or speculative  purposes.  Other than as described  below, the Company was not a
party to any material  forward or derivative  option contract related to foreign
exchange  rates,  interest rates or equity  security prices at December 31, 2004
and 2005. See Notes 1 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Interest  rates.  The  Company is exposed  to market  risk from  changes in
interest  rates,  primarily  related to  indebtedness.  At December 31, 2004 and
2005, substantially all of the Company's aggregate indebtedness was comprised of
fixed-rate  instruments.  The large  percentage of fixed-rate  debt  instruments
minimizes earnings  volatility that would result from changes in interest rates.
The following table presents  principal  amounts and weighted  average  interest
rates for the Company's aggregate outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2005.
At December  31, 2004 and 2005,  all  outstanding  fixed-rate  indebtedness  was
denominated  in U.S.  dollars  or the euro  and the  outstanding  variable  rate
borrowings were denominated in euros.  Information  shown below for such foreign
currency denominated  indebtedness is presented in its U.S. dollar equivalent at
December 31, 2005 using an exchange rate of 1.18 U.S. dollars per euro.  Certain
Norwegian kroner  denominated  capital leases totaling $4.5 million in 2005 have
been excluded from the table below.

<TABLE>

                                                   Amount
                                          -----------------------
                                          Carrying           Fair           Interest         Maturity
          Indebtedness                      value           value             rate             date
          ------------                   ---------         -------         ---------        ----------
                                                (In millions)
Fixed-rate indebtedness -
  euro-denominated KII
<S>                                     <C>               <C>                 <C>              <C>
   Senior Secured Notes                 $  449.3          $  463.6            8.9%             2009
                                        ========          ========

Variable rate indebtedness -
    dollar-denominated U.S.
     Credit Facility                    $   11.5          $   11.5            7.0%             2008
                                        ========          ========
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2004,  fixed rate  indebtedness  aggregated  $519.2 million
(fair value - $549.1 million) with a weighted-average interest rate of 8.9%. All
of such fixed rate indebtedness was denominated in euros.  Variable indebtedness
at December 31, 2004 was $13.6 million with a weighted-average  interest rate of
3.99%.

     Foreign  currency  exchange  rates.  The  Company is exposed to market risk
arising  from  changes  in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  as a  result  of
manufacturing  and  selling  its  products  worldwide.  Earnings  are  primarily
affected by  fluctuations  in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro,
the Canadian dollar, the Norwegian kroner and the United Kingdom pound sterling.

     As described above, at December 31, 2005, the Company had the equivalent of
$449.3  million  of  outstanding  euro-denominated   indebtedness  (2004  -  the
equivalent of $532.8 million of  euro-denominated  indebtedness).  The potential
increase in the U.S.  dollar  equivalent  of the  principal  amount  outstanding
resulting from a hypothetical  10% adverse change in exchange rates at such date
would  be  approximately  $44.4  million  at  December  31,  2005  (2004 - $52.4
million).

     Certain of the Company's  sales  generated by its non-U.S.  operations  are
denominated in U.S.  dollars.  The Company  periodically  uses currency  forward
contracts  to  manage a very  nominal  portion  of  foreign  exchange  rate risk
associated  with  receivables  denominated in a currency other than the holder's
functional  currency or similar exchange rate risk associated with future sales.
The Company  has not entered  into these  contracts  for trading or  speculative
purposes in the past, nor does the Company  currently  anticipate  entering into
such  contracts for trading or speculative  purposes in the future.  Derivatives
used to hedge  forecasted  transactions  and specific cash flows associated with
foreign currency  denominated  financial  assets and liabilities  which meet the
criteria for hedge accounting are designated as cash flow hedges.  Consequently,
the  effective  portion  of gains  and  losses is  deferred  as a  component  of
accumulated other comprehensive income and is recognized in earnings at the time
the hedged item affects  earnings.  Contracts  that do not meet the criteria for
hedge  accounting  are  marked-to-market  at each  balance  sheet  date with any
resulting  gain or loss  recognized in income  currently as part of net currency
transactions.  During 2004 and 2005,  the Company has not used hedge  accounting
for any of its  contracts.  At December 31,  2005,  the Company held a series of
short-term  currency  forward  contracts,  which mature at various dates through
March 31, 2006,  to exchange an aggregate of U.S. $7.5 million for an equivalent
amount of Canadian dollars at an exchange rate of Cdn. $1.19 per U.S. dollar. At
December 31, 2005, the actual exchange rate was Cdn. $1.16 per U.S. dollar.  The
estimated fair value of such foreign currency forward contracts was not material
at December 31, 2005.  The Company held no such  currency  forward  contracts at
December 31, 2004 and held no other significant derivative contracts at December
31, 2004 or 2005.

     Other. The Company believes there may be a certain amount of incompleteness
in the sensitivity  analyses  presented  above.  For example,  the  hypothetical
effect of changes in exchange rates discussed above ignores the potential effect
on other  variables  which affect the Company's  results of operations  and cash
flows,  such as demand for the  Company's  products,  sales  volumes and selling
prices and operating expenses.  Accordingly, the amounts presented above are not
necessarily  an accurate  reflection of the  potential  losses the Company would
incur  assuming  the  hypothetical  changes in exchange  rates were  actually to
occur.

     The above  discussion and estimated  sensitivity  analysis  amounts include
forward-looking  statements of market risk which assume hypothetical  changes in
currency  exchange  rates.  Actual future market  conditions  will likely differ
materially from such assumptions.  Accordingly,  such forward-looking statements
should not be  considered  to be  projections  by the Company of future  events,
gains or losses.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The information  called for by this Item is contained in a separate section
of this Annual Report.  See "Index of Financial  Statements and Schedules" (page
F-1).

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     Evaluation of Disclosure  Controls and Procedures.  The Company maintains a
system of disclosure controls and procedures.  The term "disclosure controls and
procedures," as defined by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), means controls and other
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that the Company files or submits to the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized
and  reported,  within the time periods  specified in the SEC's rules and forms.
Disclosure  controls and procedures include,  without  limitation,  controls and
procedures  designed to ensure that information  required to be disclosed by the
Company  in the  reports  that it files or  submits  to the SEC under the Act is
accumulated  and  communicated  to  the  Company's  management,   including  its
principal  executive  officer and its principal  financial  officer,  or persons
performing  similar  functions,  as appropriate to allow timely  decisions to be
made regarding  required  disclosure.  Each of Harold C. Simmons,  the Company's
Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory M. Swalwell,  the Company's Vice President,
Finance and Chief  Financial  Officer,  have evaluated the Company's  disclosure
controls and  procedures as of December 31, 2005.  Based upon their  evaluation,
these executive officers have concluded that the Company's  disclosure  controls
and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2005.

     Scope of Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial  Reporting.
The Company also maintains internal control over financial  reporting.  The term
"internal  control over  financial  reporting,"  as defined by Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f),  means a  process  designed  by,  or under the  supervision  of,  the
Company's  principal  executive and  principal  financial  officers,  or persons
performing similar functions,  and effected by the Company's board of directors,
management and other personnel,  to provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the
reliability of financial  reporting and the preparation of financial  statements
for external  purposes in accordance  with GAAP, and includes those policies and
procedures that:

o    Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable  detail accurately
     and fairly reflect the  transactions  and dispositions of the assets of the
     Company,
o    Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
     permit  preparation  of financial  statements in accordance  with GAAP, and
     that  receipts  and  expenditures  of the  Company  are being  made only in
     accordance with  authorizations of management and directors of the Company,
     and
o    Provide reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention or timely detection of
     unauthorized  acquisition,  use or disposition of the Company's assets that
     could  have a  material  effect  on the  Company's  Consolidated  Financial
     Statements.

     Section  404 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  requires  the  Company to
include a management report on internal control over financial reporting in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2005.  The Company's
independent  registered  public  accounting  firm is also  required to audit the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005.

     As permitted by the SEC, the Company's  assessment of internal control over
financial  reporting  excludes (i) internal control over financial  reporting of
its equity method  investees and (ii) internal  control over the  preparation of
the Company's financial statement schedules required by Article 12 of Regulation
S-X.  See  Note 6 to the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and the  index of
financial  statements and schedules on page F-1 of this Annual Report.  However,
our assessment of internal control over financial  reporting with respect to the
Company's equity method investees did include our controls over the recording of
amounts  related  to our  investments  that  are  recorded  in our  consolidated
financial  statements,  including  controls  over the  selection  of  accounting
methods for our  investments,  the  recognition  of equity  method  earnings and
losses and the determination,  valuation and recording of our investment account
balances.

     Changes in Internal  Control Over  Financial  Reporting.  There has been no
change to the Company's  internal  control over financial  reporting  during the
quarter ended December 31, 2005 that has materially  affected,  or is reasonably
likely to materially  affect,  the  Company's  internal  control over  financial
reporting.

     Management's  Report on Internal  Control  Over  Financial  Reporting.  The
Company's  management is responsible for establishing  and maintaining  adequate
internal control over financial  reporting,  as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company's evaluation of the effectiveness
of its  internal  control  over  financial  reporting is based upon the criteria
established in Internal  Control - Integrated  Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway Commission (commonly referred to as
the "COSO" framework).  Based on the Company's  evaluation under that framework,
management of the Company has concluded that the Company's internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2005.


     PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, the independent  registered  public accounting
firm that has audited the Company's  consolidated  financial statements included
in this Annual Report, has audited management's  assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company's  internal  control over financial  reporting as of December 31,
2005,  as stated in their report which is included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

     Certifications.  The  Company's  chief  executive  officer is  required  to
annually  file a  certification  with  the New  York  Stock  Exchange  ("NYSE"),
certifying  the  Company's  compliance  with the  corporate  governance  listing
standards of the NYSE.  During 2005, the Company's chief executive officer filed
such annual certification with the NYSE. The 2005 certification was qualified in
that,  while the Company had publicly  disclosed  in its latest proxy  statement
that the audit  committee  chairman  presided  at  meetings  of its  independent
directors and how its  stockholders  might  communicate  directly with the audit
committee  chairman,  it had not publicly disclosed how other interested parties
could communicate with the presiding  director of the  non-management  directors
and  had  not  established  procedures  as to who  presided  at  meeting  of the
non-management  directors. The Company remediated this qualification by amending
its  corporate  governance  guidelines  on October 20, 2005 and filing a Current
Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on November 30, 2005  disclosing  that the audit
committee chairman presided at meetings of the non-management  directors and how
stockholders and other interested  parties might  communicate with the presiding
director.  The Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer are
also required to, among other things, quarterly file certifications with the SEC
regarding  the  quality of the  Company's  public  disclosures,  as  required by
Section  302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of  2002.  The  certifications  for the
quarter  ended  December  31, 2005 have been filed as exhibits  31.1 and 31.2 to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

     Not applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The  information  required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the
Company's  definitive  Proxy  Statement  to be filed  with the SEC  pursuant  to
Regulation  14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
report (the "Kronos Proxy Statement").

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The  information  required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the
Kronos Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The  information  required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the
Kronos Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The  information  required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the
Kronos  Proxy  Statement.  See  also  Note  15  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

     The  information  required by the Item is  incorporated by reference to the
Kronos Proxy Statement.



                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)  and (c) Financial Statements and Schedules

     The Registrant

     The  consolidated  financial  statements  and  schedules of the  Registrant
     listed on the accompanying Index of Financial Statements and Schedules (see
     page F-1) are filed as part of this Annual Report.

(b)  Exhibits

     Included as exhibits are the items listed in the Exhibit Index. The Company
     will  furnish a copy of any of the  exhibits  listed  below upon payment of
     $4.00 per  exhibit  to cover the costs to the  Company  of  furnishing  the
     exhibits. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, any instrument
     defining  the  rights  of  holders  of  long-term  debt  issues  and  other
     agreements  related to indebtedness which do not exceed 10% of consolidated
     total assets as of December  31, 2005 will be  furnished to the  Commission
     upon request.

     The  Company  will  also  furnish,  without  charge,  a copy of its Code of
     Business  Conduct  and  Ethics,  as  adopted by the board of  directors  on
     February 19, 2004,  upon request.  Such requests  should be directed to the
     attention of the Company's  Corporate  Secretary at the Company's corporate
     offices located at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1700, Dallas, TX 75240.

Item No.                                     Exhibit Index
--------                                     -------------

2.1       Form of Distribution Agreement between NL Industries,  Inc. and Kronos
          Worldwide,  Inc. -  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 2.1 of the
          Registration  Statement  on  Form  10  of  the  Registrant  (File  No.
          001-31763).

3.1       First  Amended and Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of Kronos
          Worldwide,  Inc. -  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 3.1 of the
          Registration  statement  on  Form  10  of  the  Registrant  (File  No.
          001-31763).

3.2       Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc. - incorporated
          by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the  Registration  statement on Form 10
          of the Registrant (File No. 001-31763).

4.1       Indenture  governing the 8.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2009 dated as
          of June 28, 2002, between Kronos  International,  Inc. and The Bank of
          New York, as trustee - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. for the quarter
          ended June 30, 2002.

4.2       Form of  certificate  of 8.875% Senior Secured Note due 2009 (included
          as Exhibit A to Exhibit  4.1) -  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
          4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. (File
          No. 1-640) for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

4.3       Form of  certificate  of 8.875% Senior Secured Note due 2009 (included
          as Exhibit B to Exhibit  4.1) -  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
          4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. (File
          No. 1-640) for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

4.4       Purchase   Agreement,   dated  as  of  June  19,  2002,  among  Kronos
          International, Inc., Deutsche Bank AG London, Dresdner Bank AG, London
          Branch,   and   Commerzbank   Aktiengesellschaft,   London   Branch  -
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the  Quarterly  Report on
          Form 10-Q of NL Industries, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

4.5       Purchase   Agreement   dated   November   18,  2004   between   Kronos
          International,  Inc.  and  Deutsche  Bank AG London  (incorporated  by
          reference  to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current  Report on Form 8-K of Kronos
          International, Inc. (File No. 333-100047) dated November 24, 2004.

4.6       Form of Registration  Rights Agreement,  dated as of November 26, 2004
          between  Kronos  International,  Inc.  and  Deutsche  Bank  AG  London
          (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current  Report on
          Form 8-K of Kronos  International,  Inc. (File No.  333-100047)  dated
          November 24, 2004.

4.7       Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2002, among The Bank
          of New York,  U.S. Bank,  N.A. and Kronos  International,  Inc. (filed
          herewith  only with  respect  to  Sections  2, 5, 6 and 8  thereof)  -
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the  Quarterly  Report on
          Form 10-Q of NL Industries, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

4.8       Security Over Shares Agreement (shares of Kronos Limited),  dated June
          28, 2002, between Kronos International, Inc. and The Bank of New York,
          U.S.,  as trustee -  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. for the quarter
          ended June 30, 2002.

4.9       Pledge of Shares (shares of Kronos Denmark ApS),  dated June 28, 2002,
          between Kronos International,  Inc. and U.S. Bank, N.A., as collateral
          agent -  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 4.8 to the  Quarterly
          Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. for the quarter ended June
          30, 2002.

4.10      Pledge Agreement (pledge of shares of Societe  Industrielle du Titane,
          S.A.),  dated June 28, 2002,  between Kronos  International,  Inc. and
          U.S. Bank,  N.A., as collateral  agent - incorporated  by reference to
          Exhibit  4.9 to the  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q of NL  Industries,
          Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

4.11      Partnership   Interest  Pledge  Agreement  (pledge  of  fixed  capital
          contribution  in Kronos  Titan GmbH & Co.  OHG),  dated June 28, 2002,
          between Kronos International,  Inc. and U.S. Bank, N.A., as collateral
          agent -  incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit 4.10 to the  Quarterly
          Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. for the quarter ended June
          30, 2002.

10.1      Form of Tax Agreement between Valhi, Inc. and Kronos Worldwide, Inc. -
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  of  the   Registration
          statement on Form 10 of the Registrant (File No. 001-31763).

10.2      Intercorporate  Services Agreement by and between Contran  Corporation
          and  Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc.,  effective  as of  January  1,  2004  -
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly  Report on
          Form 10-Q of the Registrant (File No. 001-31763) for the quarter ended
          March 31, 2004.

10.3      Promissory Note,  dated September 24, 2004, made by Kronos  Worldwide,
          Inc. in favor of NL Industries,  Inc. -  incorporated  by reference to
          Exhibit 10.2 to a Current  Report on Form 8-K of NL  Industries,  Inc.
          (File No. 1-640) dated September 24, 2004.

10.4      Promissory Note,  dated September 24, 2004, made by Kronos  Worldwide,
          Inc. in favor of Valcor,  Inc. - incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
          99.1 to a Current Report on Form 8-K of NL Industries,  Inc. (File No.
          1-640) dated September 24, 2004.

10.5      Promissory Note,  dated September 24, 2004, made by Kronos  Worldwide,
          Inc. in favor of Valhi,  Inc. -  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
          99.2 to a Current Report on Form 8-K of NL Industries,  Inc. (File No.
          1-640) dated September 24, 2004.

10.6**    Form  of  Kronos  Worldwide,   Inc.  Long-Term   Incentive  Plan  -
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  of  the   Registration
          statement on Form 10 of the Registrant (File No. 001-31763).

10.7      Euro 80,000,000 Facility Agreement,  dated June 25, 2002, among Kronos
          Titan GmbH & Co. OHG,  Kronos Europe  S.A./N.V.,  Kronos Titan A/S and
          Titania A/S, as borrowers,  Kronos Titan GmbH & Co. OHG, Kronos Europe
          S.A./N.V.  and Kronos Norge AS, as guarantors,  Kronos Denmark ApS, as
          security  provider,  Deutsche  Bank AG,  as  mandated  lead  arranger,
          Deutsche Bank Luxembourg  S.A., as agent and security  agent,  and KBC
          Bank NV, as fronting  bank, and the financial  institutions  listed in
          Schedule 1 thereto,  as lenders - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.1 to the Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q of NL Industries,  Inc. for
          the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

10.8      First  Amendment  Agreement,  dated  September 3, 2004,  Relating to a
          Facility Agreement dated June 25, 2002 among Kronos Titan GmbH, Kronos
          Europe  S.A./N.V.,  Kronos  Titan AS and Titania  A/S,  as  borrowers,
          Kronos Titan GmbH,  Kronos  Europe  S.A./N.V.  and Kronos Norge AS, as
          guarantors,  Kronos Denmark ApS, as security  provider,  with Deutsche
          Bank Luxembourg  S.A.,  acting as agent - incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant dated
          November 17, 2004 (File No. 333-119639).

10.9      Second Amendment Agreement Relating to a Facility Agreement dated June
          25, 2002  executed as of June 14, 2005 by and among  Deutsche Bank AG,
          as mandated lead arranger, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as agent, the
          participating  lenders,  Kronos Titan GmbH,  Kronos  Europe  S.A./N.V,
          Kronos Titan AS, Kronos Norge AS,  Titania AS and Kronos Denmark ApS -
          incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.1 of Kronos  International,
          Inc.s'  Form 8-K dated June 14,  2005.  Certain  schedules,  exhibits,
          annexes and similar  attachments  to this  Exhibit  10.9 have not been
          filed; upon request, the Reporting Persons will furnish supplementally
          to the Commission a copy of any omitted exhibit, annex or attachment.

10.10     Lease Contract,  dated June 21, 1952, between  Farbenfabrieken  Bayer
          Aktiengesellschaft  and  Titangesellschaft  mit  beschrankter  Haftung
          (German   language   version   and   English   translation   thereof)-
          incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit  10.14 to the Annual  Report on
          Form 10-K of NL Industries, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1985.

10.11     Contract on Supplies and Services,  dated as of June 30, 1995,  among
          Bayer AG, Kronos Titan-GmbH & Co. OHG and Kronos  International,  Inc.
          (English  translation from German language document) - incorporated by
          reference  to  Exhibit  10.1 to  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q of NL
          Industries, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 1995.

10.12     Amendment  dated  August 11, 2003 to the  Contract  on  Supplies  and
          Services  among  Bayer AG,  Kronos  Titan-GmbH  & Co.  OHG and  Kronos
          International  (English  translation  of German  language  document) -
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.32  of  the  Registration
          statement on Form 10 of the Registrant (File No. 001-31763).

10.13     Master Technology Exchange  Agreement,  dated as of October 18, 1993,
          among Kronos Worldwide,  Inc. (f/k/a Kronos,  Inc.), Kronos Louisiana,
          Inc., Kronos  International,  Inc.,  Tioxide Group Limited and Tioxide
          Group Services  Limited - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
          the  Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q of NL  Industries,  Inc.  for the
          quarter ended September 30, 1993.

10.14     Form of Assignment and Assumption  Agreement,  dated as of January 1,
          1999,  between Kronos Inc.  (formerly known as Kronos (USA), Inc.) and
          Kronos International, Inc. - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
          to Kronos  International,  Inc.'s  Registration  Statement on Form S-4
          (File No. 333-100047).

10.15     Form of Cross  License  Agreement,  effective  as of January 1, 1999,
          between Kronos Inc.  (formerly known as Kronos (USA), Inc.) and Kronos
          International,  Inc. - incorporated  by reference to Exhibit to Kronos
          International,  Inc.'s  Registration  Statement  on Form S-4 (File No.
          333-100047).

10.16*    Richards  Bay  Slag  Sales  Agreement  dated  May 1,  1995,  between
          Richards Bay Iron and Titanium  (Proprietary) Limited and Kronos, Inc.
          -  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for NL  Industries,  Inc.  for the year ended  December  31,
          1995.

10.17*    Amendment to Richards Bay Slag Sales  Agreement,  dated May 1, 1999,
          between  Richards  Bay Iron and  Titanium  (Proprietary)  Limited  and
          Kronos, Inc. - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual
          Report  on Form  10-K  for NL  Industries,  Inc.  for the  year  ended
          December 31, 1999.

10.18*    Amendment to Richards Bay Slag Sales Agreement,  dated June 1, 2001,
          between  Richards  Bay Iron and  Titanium  (Proprietary)  Limited  and
          Kronos, Inc. - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Annual
          Report  on Form  10-K  for NL  Industries,  Inc.  for the  year  ended
          December 31, 2001.

10.19*    Amendment to Richards Bay Slag Sales  Agreement  dated  December 20,
          2002 between Richards Bay Iron and Titanium  (Proprietary) Limited and
          Kronos, Inc. - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual
          Report  on Form  10-K  for NL  Industries,  Inc.  for the  year  ended
          December 31, 2002.

10.20*    Amendment to Richards  Bay Slag Sales  Agreement  dated  October 31,
          2003 between Richards Bay Iron and Titanium  (Proprietary) Limited and
          Kronos,  Inc. -  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.17 to the
          Annual  Report  on Form  10-K of  Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc.  (File  No.
          001-31763) for the year ended December 31, 2003.

10.21     Agreement  between  Sachtleben  Chemie  GmbH  and  Kronos  Titan-GmbH
          effective  December  30, 1986 -  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
          10.1 of Kronos International, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
          the quarter ended September 30, 2002.

10.22     Supplementary Agreement to the Agreement of December 30, 1986 between
          Sachtleben  Chemie  GmbH and  Kronos  Titan-GmbH  dated  May 3, 1996 -
          incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.2 of Kronos  International,
          Inc.'s  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
          30, 2002.

10.23     Second  Supplementary  Agreement to the Contract  dated  December 30,
          1986  between  Sachtleben  Chemie  GmbH and  Kronos  Titan-GmbH  dated
          January 8, 2002 - incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Kronos
          International,  Inc.'s  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
          ended September 30, 2002.

10.24     Formation  Agreement  dated as of  October  18,  1993  among  Tioxide
          Americas Inc., Kronos  Louisiana,  Inc. and Louisiana Pigment Company,
          L.P. -  incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit 10.2 to NL  Industries,
          Inc.'s  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
          30, 1993.

10.25     Joint Venture  Agreement dated as of October 18, 1993 between Tioxide
          Americas Inc. and Kronos  Louisiana,  Inc. - incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 10.3 to NL Industries, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          for the quarter ended September 30, 1993.

10.26     Kronos Offtake  Agreement dated as of October 18, 1993 between Kronos
          Louisiana,  Inc. and Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. - incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4 to NL Industries, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993.

10.27     Amendment No. 1 to Kronos Offtake  Agreement dated as of December 20,
          1995 between Kronos  Louisiana,  Inc. and Louisiana  Pigment  Company,
          L.P. -  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to NL  Industries,
          Inc.'s  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year  ended  December  31,
          1995.

10.28     Tioxide  Americas  Offtake  Agreement  dated as of October  18,  1993
          between Tioxide Americas Inc. and Louisiana  Pigment  Company,  L.P. -
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.5 to NL  Industries,  Inc.'s
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended  September  30,
          1993.

10.29     Amendment No. 1 to Tioxide  Americas  Offtake  Agreement  dated as of
          December 20, 1995 between Tioxide Americas Inc. and Louisiana  Pigment
          Company,  L.P. -  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.24 to NL
          Industries,  Inc.'s  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for the year  ended
          December 31, 1995.

10.30     TCI/KCI  Output  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of  October  18,  1993
          between Tioxide Canada Inc. and Kronos Canada,  Inc. - incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.6 to NL Industries, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993.

10.31     TAI/KLA  Output  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of  October  18,  1993
          between   Tioxide   Americas  Inc.  and  Kronos   Louisiana,   Inc.  -
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.7 to NL  Industries,  Inc.'s
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended  September  30,
          1993.

10.32     Master  Technology  Exchange  Agreement  dated as of October 18, 1993
          among Kronos Worldwide,  Inc. (f/k/a Kronos,  Inc.), Kronos Louisiana,
          Inc., Kronos  International,  Inc.,  Tioxide Group Limited and Tioxide
          Group Services  Limited - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
          NL Industries,  Inc.'s  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
          ended September 30, 1993.

10.33     Parents'  Undertaking  dated  as of  October  18,  1993  between  ICI
          American Holdings Inc. and Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (f/k/a Kronos, Inc.)
          - incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to NL Industries,  Inc.'s
          Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended  September  30,
          1993.

10.34     Allocation  Agreement  dated as of October 18, 1993  between  Tioxide
          Americas Inc., ICI American  Holdings,  Inc., Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc.
          (f/k/a Kronos,  Inc.) and Kronos  Louisiana,  Inc. -  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.10 to NL Industries,  Inc.'s  Quarterly Report
          on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993.

10.35     Insurance sharing agreement dated October 30, 2003 by and among CompX
          International  Inc.,  Contran   Corporation,   Keystone   Consolidated
          Industries,  Inc.,  Titanium Metals Corp., Valhi, Inc., NL Industries,
          Inc. and Kronos Worldwide, Inc. - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.48 to NL Industries, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
          ended December 31, 2003.

10.36**   Summary of Consulting  Arrangement  beginning on August 1, 2003, as
          amended  between  Lawrence  A.  Wigdor  and Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc. -
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly  Report on
          Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended March 31, 2004.

21.1      Subsidiaries.

23.1      Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

31.1      Certification.

31.2      Certification.

32.1      Certification.
___________________________________


*    Portions  of the  exhibit  have been  omitted  pursuant  to a  request  for
     confidential treatment.

**   Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement








                                   SIGNATURES


     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                    Kronos Worldwide, Inc.
                                                     (Registrant)


                                                    By:/s/ Harold C. Simmons
                                                       -------------------------
                                                       Harold C. Simmons
                                                       March 16, 2006
                                                      (Chairman of the Board and
                                                       Chief Executive Officer)


     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:



/s/ Harold C. Simmons                    /s/ Steven L. Watson
---------------------------------        ---------------------------------------
Harold C. Simmons, March 16, 2006        Steven L. Watson, March 16, 2006
(Chairman of the Board and Chief         (Director)
  Executive Officer)


/s/ George E. Poston                     /s/ Glenn R. Simmons
---------------------------------        ---------------------------------------
George E. Poston, March 16, 2006         Glenn R. Simmons, March 16, 2006
(Director)                                                 (Director)


/s/ C. H. Moore, Jr.                     /s/ Keith R. Coogan
---------------------------------        ---------------------------------------
C. H. Moore, Jr., March 16, 2006         Keith R. Coogan, March 16, 2006
(Director)                                                 (Director)


/s/ R. Gerald Turner                     /s/ Gregory M. Swalwell
---------------------------------        ---------------------------------------
R. Gerald Turner, March 16, 2006             Gregory M. Swalwell, March 16, 2006
(Director)                               (Vice President, Chief Financial
                                          Officer, Principal Financial
                                          Officer)

                                         /s/ James W. Brown
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         James W. Brown, March 16, 2006
                                         (Vice President, Controller,
                                          Principal Accounting Officer)









                             KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC.

                           Annual Report on Form 10-K

                            Items 8, 15(a) and 15(d)

                   Index of Financial Statements and Schedules


Financial Statements                                                       Page

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                  F-2

  Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2004 and 2005                 F-4

  Consolidated Statements of Income -
   Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005                            F-6

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) -
   Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005                            F-7

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity -
   Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005                            F-8

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -
   Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005                            F-9

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                               F-11


Financial Statement Schedules

  Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant               S-1

  Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                          S-6

  Schedules III and IV are omitted because they are not applicable.




             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Kronos Worldwide, Inc.:

     We have completed  integrated audits of Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc.'s 2004 and
2005  consolidated  financial  statements  and  of  its  internal  control  over
financial  reporting  as of  December  31,  2005,  and  an  audit  of  its  2003
consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States).  Our opinions on Kronos
Worldwide,  Inc.'s 2003, 2004 and 2005 consolidated  financial statements and on
its internal control over financial  reporting as of December 31, 2005, based on
our audits, are presented below.

Consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules
-------------------------------------------------------------------

     In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  listed  in the
accompanying  index  present  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the financial
position of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2004 and
2005,  and the results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2005 in conformity  with accounting
principles  generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition,  in
our opinion,  the financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when
read in conjunction with the related consolidated  financial  statements.  These
financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of
the Company's  management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial  statements and financial  statement schedules based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board (United  States).  Those  standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit of
financial  statements includes examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting
the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements,   assessing  the
accounting  principles  used and significant  estimates made by management,  and
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Internal control over financial reporting
-----------------------------------------

     Also, in our opinion,  management's  assessment,  included in  Management's
Report on Internal  Control Over Financial  Reporting  appearing  under Item 9A,
that the Company maintained  effective internal control over financial reporting
as of  December  31, 2005 based on criteria  established  in Internal  Control -
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the
Treadway Commission ("COSO"), is fairly stated, in all material respects,  based
on those criteria.  Furthermore,  in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material  respects,  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of
December  31,  2005,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -
Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. The Company's management is responsible
for maintaining  effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the  effectiveness of internal  control over financial  reporting.
Our responsibility is to express opinions on management's  assessment and on the
effectiveness of the Company's  internal control over financial  reporting based
on our  audit.  We  conducted  our audits of  internal  control  over  financial
reporting in  accordance  with the  standards of the Public  Company  Accounting
Oversight  Board  (United  States).  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform  the  audits to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects.  An  audit of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes
obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,
evaluating  management's  assessment,  testing  and  evaluating  the  design and
operating   effectiveness  of  internal  control,   and  performing  such  other
procedures as we consider  necessary in the  circumstances.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

     A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions of the assets of the company,  (ii)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company;  and (iii) provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention or
timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

     Because  of its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  may not prevent or detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of any
evaluation  of  effectiveness  to future  periods  are  subject to the risk that
controls may become  inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.





PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP



Dallas, Texas
March 16, 2006





                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                           December 31, 2004 and 2005

                      (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>

               ASSETS
                                                              2004               2005
                                                              ----               ----


 Current assets:
<S>                                                       <C>                <C>
   Cash and cash equivalents                              $   60,790         $   72,029
   Restricted cash                                             1,529              1,355
   Accounts and other receivables                            190,319            184,584
   Receivables from affiliate                                     16                  2
   Refundable income taxes                                     3,272              1,053
   Inventories                                               233,858            259,844
   Prepaid expenses                                            4,529              4,290
   Deferred income taxes                                       1,205              2,187
                                                          ----------         ----------

       Total current assets                                  495,518            525,344
                                                          ----------         ----------

 Other assets:
     Investment in TiO2 manufacturing joint venture          120,251            115,308
     Deferred income taxes                                   238,284            213,722
     Other                                                    32,340             25,638
                                                          ----------         ----------

       Total other assets                                    390,875            354,668
                                                          ----------         ----------

 Property and equipment:
   Land                                                       35,511             31,678
   Buildings                                                 196,983            184,800
   Equipment                                                 857,714            786,953
   Mining properties                                          71,980             68,165
   Construction in progress                                   16,753             13,457
                                                          ----------         ----------

                                                           1,178,941          1,085,053

   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization            712,051            666,133
                                                          ----------         ----------

       Net property and equipment                            466,890            418,920
                                                          ----------         ----------

                                                          $1,353,283         $1,298,932
                                                          ==========         ==========
</TABLE>





                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED)

                           December 31, 2004 and 2005

                      (In thousands, except per share data)


<TABLE>

    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                                              2004               2005
                                                              ----               ----

 Current liabilities:
<S>                                                       <C>                <C>
   Current maturities of long-term debt                   $   13,792         $      958
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  170,009            165,545
   Payable to affiliates                                       9,231             10,382
   Income taxes                                               17,129             24,014
   Deferred income taxes                                       2,722              4,211
                                                          ----------         ----------

       Total current liabilities                             212,883            205,110
                                                          ----------         ----------

 Noncurrent liabilities:
   Long-term debt                                            519,403            464,365
   Deferred income taxes                                      60,081             53,383
   Accrued pension cost                                       61,300            139,786
   Accrued postretirement benefits cost                       11,288             10,174
   Other                                                      17,407             16,055
                                                          ----------         ----------

       Total noncurrent liabilities                          669,479            683,763
                                                          ----------         ----------

 Minority interest                                                76                 75
                                                          ----------         ----------

 Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value; 100 shares
    authorized; no shares issued or outstanding                 -                  -
   Common stock, $.01 par value; 60,000 shares
    authorized; 48,946 and 48,950 shares issued                  489                489
   Additional paid-in capital                              1,060,643          1,061,539
   Retained deficit                                         (463,352)          (441,295)
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss:
     Currency translation                                    (88,181)          (114,930)
     Pension liabilities                                     (38,754)           (95,819)
                                                          ----------         ----------

       Total stockholders' equity                            470,845            409,984
                                                          ----------         ----------

                                                          $1,353,283         $1,298,932
                                                          ==========         ==========
</TABLE>


Commitments and contingencies (Notes 13 and 16)

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.






                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                      (In thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>

                                                             2003                2004              2005
                                                             ----                ----              ----

<S>                                                       <C>                <C>               <C>
Net sales                                                 $1,008,177         $1,128,600        $1,196,729
Cost of sales                                                739,237            866,313           869,877
                                                          ----------         ----------        ----------

    Gross margin                                             268,940            262,287           326,852

Selling, general and administrative expense                  124,446            145,433           150,729
Other operating income (expense):
  Currency transaction gains (losses), net                    (7,743)            (3,949)            5,235
  Disposition of property and equipment                         (480)            (1,120)           (1,506)
  Other income                                                   490              6,715               576
  Corporate expense                                           (4,140)            (3,474)           (4,985)
  Other expense                                                 (128)               (73)             (108)
                                                          ----------         ----------        ----------

    Income from operations                                   132,493            114,953           175,335

Other income (expense):
  Trade interest income                                          771              1,212             1,181
  Interest income from affiliates                                723                 -                 -
  Other interest income                                          180               961               874
  Securities transaction gain                                      -                 -             5,439
  Interest expense to affiliates                              (1,887)           (15,210)                -
  Other interest expense                                     (33,002)           (37,399)          (44,686)
                                                          ----------         ----------        ----------

    Income before income taxes and
      minority interest                                       99,278             64,517           138,143

Provision (benefit) for income taxes                          11,657           (250,389)           67,125
                                                          ----------         ----------        ----------

    Income before minority interest                           87,621            314,906            71,018

Minority interest                                                 72                 53                12
                                                          ----------         ----------        ----------

    Net income                                            $   87,549         $  314,853        $   71,006
                                                          ==========         ==========        ==========


Net income per basic and diluted share                    $     1.79         $     6.43        $     1.45
                                                          ==========         ==========        ==========

Basic and diluted weighted average shares used in the
    calculation of net income per share                       48,943             48,945            48,948
                                                          ==========         ==========        ==========
</TABLE>




          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.






                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)


<TABLE>

                                                         2003                2004              2005
                                                         ----                ----              ----


<S>                                                   <C>                <C>               <C>
Net income                                            $   87,549         $  314,853        $   71,006
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

  Minimum pension liabilities adjustment                 (25,545)               272           (57,065)

  Currency translation adjustment                         15,073             44,828           (26,749)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

      Total other comprehensive income (loss)            (10,472)            45,100           (83,814)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

          Comprehensive income (loss)                 $   77,077         $  359,953        $  (12,808)
                                                      ==========         ==========        ==========
</TABLE>






          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.





                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>

                                                                                   Accumulated other
                                                                                     comprehensive
                                                                                     income (loss)
                                                   Additional     Retained    --------------------------
                                       Common       paid-in       earnings      Currency       Pension
                                       stock        capital      (deficit)    translation    liabilities      Total
                                      --------    -----------    ----------   ------------   ------------    -------

<S>                 <C> <C>             <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002            $489       $1,060,157    $(584,909)    $(148,082)     $(13,481)    $ 314,174

Net income                                -              -          87,549          -             -           87,549
Other comprehensive income (loss),
  net of tax                              -              -            -           15,073       (25,545)      (10,472)
Dividends declared:
  Cash - $.14 per share                   -              -          (7,000)         -             -           (7,000)
  Noncash                                 -              -        (224,900)         -             -         (224,900)
                                        ----       ----------    ---------     ---------      --------     ---------

Balance at December 31, 2003             489        1,060,157     (729,260)     (133,009)      (39,026)      159,351

Net income                                -              -         314,853          -             -          314,853
Other comprehensive income,
  net of tax                              -              -            -           44,828           272        45,100
Issuance of common stock                  -                90         -             -             -               90
Cash dividends declared -
  $1.00 per share                         -              -         (48,945)         -             -          (48,945)
Other                                     -               396         -             -             -              396
                                        ----       ----------    ---------     ---------      --------     ---------

Balance at December 31, 2004             489        1,060,643     (463,352)      (88,181)      (38,754)      470,845

Net income                                -              -          71,006          -             -           71,006
Other comprehensive loss,
  net of tax                              -              -            -          (26,749)      (57,065)      (83,814)
Issuance of common stock                  -              108          -             -             -              108
Cash dividends declared -
  $1.00 per share                         -              -         (48,949)         -             -          (48,949)
Other                                     -               788         -             -             -              788
                                        ----       ----------    ---------     ---------      --------     ---------

Balance at December 31, 2005            $489       $1,061,539    $(441,295)    $(114,930)     $(95,819)    $ 409,984
                                        ====       ==========    =========     =========      ========     =========
</TABLE>


          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.







                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>

                                                         2003                2004              2005
                                                         ----                ----              ----

 Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>                <C>
   Net income                                         $   87,549         $  314,853         $  71,006
   Depreciation and amortization                          39,421             44,053            43,539
   Noncash interest expense                                2,197              2,375             2,854
   Deferred income taxes                                  36,489           (263,314)           26,467
   Minority interest                                          72                 53                12
   Net loss from disposition of
       property and equipment                                480              1,120             1,506
   Securities transaction gain                              -                   -              (5,439)
   Benefit plan expense greater (less)
    than cash funding:
     Defined benefit pension plans                        (5,792)            (2,986)           (5,250)
     Other postretirement benefit plans                   (1,032)              (151)           (1,289)
   Distributions from TiO2 manufacturing
     joint venture, net                                      875              8,600             4,850
   Other, net                                              1,016              2,858            (1,935)
   Change in assets and liabilities:
     Accounts and other receivable                         1,264            (21,813)          (13,893)
     Inventories                                         (26,041)            48,237           (47,922)
     Prepaid expenses                                      1,494               (478)             (237)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities              9,478                862            14,213
     Income taxes                                        (38,706)            24,699            10,264
     Accounts with affiliates                              1,920             (5,771)            1,171
     Other noncurrent assets                              (3,919)            (1,103)              515
     Other noncurrent liabilities                            916             (1,089)           (2,606)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

              Net cash provided by
                operating activities                     107,681            151,005            97,826
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

 Cash flows from investing activities:
     Capital expenditures                                (35,245)           (39,295)          (43,366)
     Purchase of interest in subsidiary                     -                  (575)             -
     Proceeds from disposal of interest
        in Norwegian smelting operation                     -                  -                3,542
     Change in restricted cash equivalents
        and restricted marketable debt
         securities, net                                    (554)               (70)              129
     Proceeds from disposition of
        property and equipment                               381                 99                37
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

              Net cash used by
                investing activities                     (35,418)           (39,841)          (39,658)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

</TABLE>




                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>

                                                         2003                2004              2005
                                                         ----                ----              ----


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Indebtedness:
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>                <C>
    Borrowings                                        $   16,106         $  241,648         $  51,920
    Principal payments                                   (46,006)          (100,073)          (48,959)
    Deferred financing fees                                 -                (1,989)             -
  Dividends paid                                          (7,000)           (48,945)          (48,949)
  Loans from affiliates:
    Loans                                                  8,000               -                 -
    Repayments                                           (52,600)          (200,000)             -
  Other capital transactions with
    affiliates, net                                       19,700                396             1,214
  Other, net                                                 (14)               213              -
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

            Net cash used by financing
             activities                                  (61,814)          (108,750)          (44,774)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

Cash and cash equivalents - net change from:
  Operating, investing and financing activities           10,449              2,414            13,394
  Currency translation                                     4,742              2,500            (2,155)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

                                                          15,191              4,914            11,239

   Balance at beginning of year                           40,685             55,876            60,790
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

   Balance at end of year                             $   55,876         $   60,790        $   72,029
                                                      ==========         ==========        ==========

Supplemental disclosures -
  cash paid (received) for:
    Interest                                          $   30,152         $   49,206        $   41,309
    Income taxes                                           1,597            (23,657)           30,021

    Inventories received as partial
     consideration for disposal of
     interest in Norwegian smelting
     operations                                       $     -            $     -           $    1,897

</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Note 1 - Summary of significant accounting policies:

     Organization  and basis of  presentation.  At December 31, 2005, (i) Valhi,
Inc.  (NYSE:VHI) held approximately 57% of Kronos'  outstanding common stock and
NL  Industries,  Inc.  (NYSE:NL) held an additional 36% of Kronos' common stock,
(ii) Valhi owned  approximately  83% of NL's outstanding  common stock and (iii)
Contran  Corporation  and its  subsidiaries  held  approximately  92% of Valhi's
outstanding  common stock.  Substantially  all of Contran's  outstanding  voting
stock is held by trusts  established  for the  benefit of certain  children  and
grandchildren of Harold C. Simmons,  of which Mr. Simmons is sole trustee, or is
held by Mr.  Simmons  or  persons  or other  entities  related  to Mr.  Simmons.
Consequently, Mr. Simmons may be deemed to control each of such companies.

     Prior to December  2003,  Kronos was a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of NL. On
December 8, 2003, NL completed a recaptialization and a pro-rata distribution to
its stockholders of approximately 48.8% of Kronos' common stock (including Valhi
and its  wholly-owned  subsidiary).  Stockholders  of NL  received  one share of
Kronos common stock for every two shares of NL held.  Immediately  prior to NL's
distribution of shares of Kronos' common stock,  the Company  distributed a $200
million dividend to NL in the form of a long-term note payable. See Note 10.

     On  September  26,  2003  Kronos  amended  and  restated  its  articles  of
incorporation.  Under the amended and restated articles of incorporation,  among
other things,  (i) Kronos'  authorized  capital stock now consists of 60 million
shares of common  stock and 100,000  shares of preferred  stock,  each par value
$.01 per share,  and (ii) the 1,000 shares of Kronos'  common  stock  previously
outstanding  were  reclassified  into an aggregate of 48.9 million  shares.  The
accompanying   Consolidated   Financial   Statements  have  been   retroactively
reclassified  to  reflect  such  changes in Kronos'  capital  structure  for all
periods prior to September 30, 2003, and earnings per share data for all periods
prior to September 26, 2003 has been restated to reflect the 48.9 million shares
of Kronos'  common stock that was  outstanding  following  effectiveness  of the
amended and restated articles of incorporation.

     Management's   estimates.   The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America  ("GAAP")  requires  management to make estimates and  assumptions  that
affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial  statements,  and
the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results  may  differ  significantly  from  previously-estimated   amounts  under
different assumptions or conditions.

     Principles of consolidation.  The consolidated financial statements include
the  accounts  of  Kronos  and its  majority-owned  subsidiaries.  All  material
intercompany  accounts  and balances  have been  eliminated.  Minority  interest
relates to the Company's majority-owned subsidiary in France, which conducts the
Company's  marketing  and sales  activities in that  country.  During 2004,  the
Company  increased its  ownership  interest by  approximately  5% to 99% in such
subsidiary by acquiring shares of such subsidiary  previously held by certain of
its other stockholders for an aggregate of $575,000.

     Translation of foreign  currencies.  Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries
whose  functional  currency  is other  than the U.S.  dollar are  translated  at
year-end  rates of exchange and revenues and expenses are  translated at average
exchange rates prevailing during the year. Resulting translation adjustments are
accumulated in stockholders'  equity as part of accumulated other  comprehensive
income,  net of related  deferred income taxes and minority  interest.  Currency
transaction gains and losses are recognized in income currently.

     Derivatives  and hedging  activities.  Derivatives are recognized as either
assets or liabilities and measured at fair value in accordance with Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards  ("SFAS") No. 133,  "Accounting  for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging  Activities," as amended.  The accounting for changes in
fair value of derivatives  depends upon the intended use of the derivative,  and
such changes are recognized either in net income or other comprehensive  income.
As permitted  by the  transition  requirements  of SFAS No. 133, the Company has
exempted from the scope of SFAS No. 133 all host contracts  containing  embedded
derivatives that were issued or acquired prior to January 1, 1999.

     Cash and cash equivalents.  Cash equivalents include bank time deposits and
U.S. Treasury  securities  purchased under short-term  agreements to resell with
original maturities of three months or less.

     Restricted   marketable  debt   securities.   Restricted   marketable  debt
securities  are primarily  invested in corporate  debt  securities,  and include
amounts restricted in accordance with applicable Norwegian law regarding certain
requirements  of the Company's  Norwegian  defined  benefit  pension plans ($2.9
million and $2.6  million at  December  31,  2004 and 2005,  respectively).  The
restricted  marketable  debt  securities  are  generally  classified as either a
current or noncurrent  asset  depending upon the maturity date of each such debt
security and are carried at market which approximates cost.

     Accounts  receivable.  The  Company  provides  an  allowance  for  doubtful
accounts  for  known  and  estimated  potential  losses  arising  from  sales to
customers based on a periodic review of these accounts.

     Investment in TiO2 manufacturing  joint venture.  Investment in a 50%-owned
manufacturing joint venture is accounted for by the equity method.

     Property and equipment and depreciation.  Property and equipment are stated
at cost.  The Company has a  governmental  concession  with an unlimited term to
operate an ilmenite mine in Norway.  Mining properties  consist of buildings and
equipment used in the Company's Norwegian ilmenite mining operations.  While the
Company owns the land and ilmenite reserves  associated with the mine, such land
and reserves  were  acquired  for nominal  value and the Company has no material
asset  recognized for the land and reserves  related to such mining  operations.
Depreciation  of  property  and  equipment  for  financial   reporting  purposes
(including  mining  properties)  is computed  principally  by the  straight-line
method over the  estimated  useful  lives of ten to 40 years for  buildings  and
three to 20 years for equipment.  Accelerated  depreciation methods are used for
income tax  purposes,  as permitted.  Upon sale or  retirement of an asset,  the
related cost and accumulated  depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
gain or loss is recognized in income currently.

     Expenditures  for  maintenance,  repairs and minor  renewals are  expensed;
expenditures  for major  improvements  are  capitalized.  The  Company  performs
planned major  maintenance  activities  during the year.  Repair and maintenance
costs  estimated to be incurred in  connection  with planned  major  maintenance
activities  are  accrued in advance and are  included in cost of sales.  Accrued
repair  and  maintenance  costs,  included  in  other  current  liabilities  and
consisting  primarily  of  materials  and  supplies,  was $5.4  million and $5.0
million at December 31, 2004 and 2005, respectively.

     Interest costs related to major long-term capital projects and renewals are
capitalized as a component of  construction  costs.  Interest costs  capitalized
were not significant in 2003, 2004 or 2005.

     When  events or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  assets  may be
impaired,  an evaluation is performed to determine if an impairment exists. Such
events or changes in circumstances  include, among other things, (i) significant
current  and prior  periods or current  and  projected  periods  with  operating
losses,  (ii) a significant  decrease in the market value of an asset or (iii) a
significant  change  in the  extent  or  manner  in which an asset is used.  All
relevant  factors  are  considered.  The test for  impairment  is  performed  by
comparing the estimated  future  undiscounted  cash flows (exclusive of interest
expense)  associated  with  the  asset  to the  asset's  net  carrying  value to
determine  if a  write-down  to market  value or  discounted  cash flow value is
required.   The  Company  assesses  impairment  of  property  and  equipment  in
accordance  with SFAS No. 144,  "Accounting  for the  Impairment  or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets."

     Long-term debt.  Long-term debt is stated net of any  unamortized  original
issue  premium or discount.  Amortization  of deferred  financing  costs and any
premium or discount  associated with the issuance of indebtedness,  all included
in interest  expense,  is computed by the  interest  method over the term of the
applicable issue.

     Employee  benefit  plans.  Accounting  and funding  policies for retirement
plans are described in Note 14.

     Income  taxes.   Prior  to  December   2003,   Kronos  and  its  qualifying
subsidiaries  were members of NL's  consolidated  U.S.  federal income tax group
(the "NL Tax Group"), and the NL Tax Group was included in the consolidated U.S.
federal tax return of Contran (the  "Contran Tax Group").  As a member of the NL
Tax Group,  the  Company  was a party to a tax  sharing  agreement  (the "NL Tax
Agreement").  As a member of the Contran Tax Group, NL was a party to a separate
tax sharing  agreement (the "Contran Tax Agreement").  The Contran Tax Agreement
provides that NL and its  qualifying  subsidiaries,  including  Kronos,  compute
provisions  for U.S.  income  taxes on a  separate-company  basis  using the tax
elections  made by Contran.  Pursuant to the NL Tax  Agreement and using the tax
elections made by Contran,  Kronos made payments to or received payments from NL
in amounts  it would have paid to or  received  from the U.S.  Internal  Revenue
Service had it not been a member of NL's  consolidated tax group but instead was
a separate taxpayer. Refunds are limited to amounts previously paid under the NL
Tax Agreement. The Company made net payments to NL under the terms of the NL Tax
Agreement of $10.7  million in 2003,  and received $1.2 million from NL in 2004.
See Note 13.

     Effective  December  2003,  following  NL's  distribution  of  48.8% of the
outstanding  shares of Kronos  common stock to NL  stockholders,  Kronos and its
qualifying subsidiaries ceased being members of the NL Tax Group, but Kronos and
its qualifying subsidiaries remained as members of the Contran Tax Group. Kronos
entered into a new tax sharing agreement with Valhi and Contran,  which contains
similar terms to the NL Tax Agreement. The Company made net payments to Valhi of
$.3 million in 2004 and $7.7 million in 2005 related to such tax agreement. As a
member of the Contran Tax Group,  Kronos is jointly and severally liable for the
federal income tax liability of Contran and the other companies  included in the
Contran  Tax Group for all  periods  in which the  Company  is  included  in the
Contran  Tax  Group.   See  Note  16.  Kronos  is  also  included  in  Contran's
consolidated  unitary  state  income  tax  returns in  certain  qualifying  U.S.
jurisdictions.  The terms of the Contran Tax  Agreement  also apply to state tax
payments in these jurisdictions.

     Deferred  income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
future tax  consequences  of  temporary  differences  between the income tax and
financial  reporting  carrying  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities,  including
investments in the Company's  subsidiaries and affiliates who are not members of
the Contran Tax Group and undistributed  earnings of foreign  subsidiaries which
are not deemed to be permanently  reinvested.  Earnings of foreign  subsidiaries
deemed to be permanently reinvested aggregated $527 million at December 31, 2004
and $707  million  at  December  31,  2005.  Determination  of the amount of the
unrecognized  deferred  income tax  liability  related to such  earnings  is not
practicable  due to the  complexities  associated  with  the  U.S.  taxation  on
earnings  of  foreign   subsidiaries   repatriated   to  the  U.S.  The  Company
periodically   evaluates   its  deferred  tax  assets  in  the  various   taxing
jurisdictions in which it operates and adjusts any related  valuation  allowance
based on the estimate of the amount of such deferred tax assets that the Company
believes does not meet the "more-likely-than-not" recognition criteria.

     Net sales. Sales are recorded when products are shipped and title and other
risks and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer, or when services are
performed.  Shipping terms of products shipped are generally FOB shipping point,
although in some instances  shipping terms are FOB destination  point (for which
sales are not recognized until the product is received by the customer). Amounts
charged to customers for shipping and handling are included in net sales.  Sales
are stated net of price,  early  payment and  distributor  discounts  and volume
rebates.

     Inventories and cost of sales.  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
(principally   average  cost)  or  market,  net  of  allowance  for  slow-moving
inventories  ($9.0  million  and $8.3  million at  December  31,  2004 and 2005,
respectively).  Amounts are removed from  inventories  at average cost.  Cost of
sales includes costs for materials, packing and finishing, utilities, salary and
benefits, maintenance and depreciation.

     Selling,  general and administrative expense;  shipping and handling costs.
Selling,  general and administrative expense include costs related to marketing,
sales, distribution, shipping and handling, research and development, legal, and
administrative functions such as accounting,  treasury and finance, and includes
costs for salaries and benefits, travel and entertainment, promotional materials
and  professional  fees.  Shipping and  handling  costs are included in selling,
general and administrative  expense and were $63 million in 2003, $70 million in
2004 and $76 million in 2005.  Advertising  costs are  expensed as incurred  and
were $1  million  in each of 2003,  2004 and  2005.  Research,  development  and
certain sales technical  support costs are expensed as incurred and approximated
$7 million in 2003, $8 million in 2004 and $9 million in 2005.

     Stock  options.  The  Company  has not issued any stock  options.  However,
certain  employees of the Company have been granted options by NL to purchase NL
common stock. The Company has elected the disclosure  alternative  prescribed by
SFAS No. 123,  "Accounting for  Stock-Based  Compensation,"  as amended,  and to
account for its stock-based  employee  compensation  related to stock options in
accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion ("APBO") No. 25, "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees," and its various interpretations.  Under APBO No.
25, no  compensation  cost is generally  recognized  for fixed stock  options in
which the  exercise  price is not less than the market  price on the grant date.
Prior to 2003,  and  following  NL's cash  settlement  of options to purchase NL
common  stock  held  by  certain  individuals,  NL  and  the  Company  commenced
accounting for its stock options using the variable accounting method because NL
could not overcome the  presumption  that it would not similarly cash settle its
remaining stock options.  Under the variable  accounting  method,  the intrinsic
value of all unexercised  stock options  (including those with an exercise price
at least  equal to the  market  price on the date of grant)  are  accrued  as an
expense over their vesting period, with subsequent increases (decreases) in NL's
market  price  resulting  in  additional  compensation  expense  (income).  Upon
exercise of such  options to purchase NL common  stock held by  employees of the
Company,  the  Company  pays NL an amount  equal to the  difference  between the
market price of NL's common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price
of such stock option. Aggregate compensation expense related to NL stock options
held by  employees  of the Company was $1.0  million in 2003 and $2.8 million in
2004 and  compensation  income was $1.0  million in 2005.  The total  income tax
benefit  related  to  such  compensation  cost  recognized  by the  Company  was
approximately  $.4 million in 2003 and $1.0 million in 2004 and the total income
tax  provision  related to the  compensation  income was $.4 million in 2005. No
compensation  cost was capitalized as part of assets (inventory or fixed assets)
during 2003, 2004 and 2005.

     The following  table presents what the Company's  consolidated  net income,
and related  per share  amounts,  would have been in 2003,  2004 and 2005 if the
Company had applied the fair value-based recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123,
for all awards granted subsequent to January 1, 1995.


<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                   (In millions, except per share amounts)

<S>                                             <C>               <C>              <C>
Net income as reported                          $  87.5           $ 314.9          $  71.0
Adjustments, net of applicable income
 tax effects and minority interest:
  Stock-based employee compensation expense
   (income) determined under APBO No. 25             .7               1.8              (.7)
  Stock-based employee compensation expense
   determined under SFAS No. 123                    (.3)              (.1)              -
                                                -------           -------          -------

Pro forma net income                            $  87.9           $ 316.6          $  70.3
                                                =======           =======          =======

Basic and diluted earnings per share:
  As reported                                   $  1.79           $  6.43          $  1.45
  Pro forma                                     $  1.80           $  6.47          $  1.44
</TABLE>

Note 2 - Geographic information:

     The Company's  operations  are  associated  with the production and sale of
TiO2.  Titanium  dioxide pigments are used to impart  whiteness,  brightness and
opacity to a wide variety of products, including paints, plastics, paper, fibers
and  ceramics.  At  December  31,  2004 and 2005,  the net  assets  of  non-U.S.
subsidiaries  included in consolidated net assets  approximated $293 million and
$272 million, respectively.

     For  geographic  information,  net  sales  are  attributed  to the place of
manufacture  (point  of  origin)  and the  location  of the  customer  (point of
destination); property and equipment are attributed to their physical location.
<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In thousands)
       Geographic areas
Net sales - point of origin:
<S>                                            <C>               <C>              <C>
    Germany                                    $  510,105        $  576,138       $  613,081
    United States                                 310,694           449,351          495,538
    Canada                                        173,297           170,309          202,077
    Belgium                                       150,728           186,445          186,951
    Norway                                        131,457           144,492          160,528
    Eliminations                                 (268,104)         (398,135)        (461,446)
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------

                                               $1,008,177        $1,128,600       $1,196,729
                                               ==========        ==========       ==========

Net sales - point of destination:
    Europe                                     $  567,496        $  666,701       $  690,884
    North America                                 349,813           363,510          404,926
    Other                                          90,868            98,389          100,919
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------

                                               $1,008,177        $1,128,600       $1,196,729
                                               ==========        ==========       ==========
</TABLE>





<TABLE>
                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

Identifiable assets -
  net property and equipment:
<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
      Germany                                            $  269,922         $  235,932
      Canada                                                 68,048             67,480
      Belgium                                                68,314             57,943
      Norway                                                 57,808             54,759
      Other                                                   2,798              2,806
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  466,890         $  418,920
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

Note 3 -       Accounts and other receivables:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
Trade receivables                                        $  176,332         $  170,619
Recoverable VAT and other receivables                        16,364             15,930
Allowance for doubtful accounts                              (2,377)            (1,965)
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  190,319         $  184,584
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

Note 4 -       Inventories
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
Raw materials                                            $   45,962         $   52,343
Work in progress                                             16,612             17,959
Finished products                                           130,385            149,900
Supplies                                                     40,899             39,642
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  233,858         $  259,844
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

Note 5 - Other noncurrent assets:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
Deferred financing costs, net                            $   10,921         $    8,150
Restricted marketable debt securities                         2,877              2,572
Unrecognized net pension obligation                          13,518             11,916
Other                                                         5,024              3,000
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $   32,340         $   25,638
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

Note 6 - Investment in TiO2 manufacturing joint venture:

     Kronos Louisiana, Inc. ("KLA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kronos, owns a
50% interest in Louisiana Pigment Company,  L.P. ("LPC"). LPC is a manufacturing
joint  venture that is also  50%-owned  by Tioxide  Americas  Inc.  ("Tioxide").
Tioxide is a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of Huntsman  Holdings  LLC. LPC owns and
operates a chloride-process TiO2 plant in Lake Charles, Louisiana.

     KLA and Tioxide are both required to purchase one-half of the TiO2 produced
by LPC. LPC operates on a break-even basis and, accordingly, the Company reports
no equity in earnings of LPC. Each owner's  acquisition  transfer  price for its
share  of the  TiO2  produced  is equal  to its  share  of the  joint  venture's
production  costs and interest  expense,  if any.  Kronos' share of net costs is
reported  as cost of  sales  as the  related  TiO2  acquired  from  LPC is sold.
Distributions  from LPC, which generally  relate to excess cash generated by LPC
from its non-cash  production  costs, and  contributions to LPC, which generally
relate to cash required by LPC when it builds working  capital,  are reported as
part of cash  generated by operating  activities in the  Company's  Consolidated
Statements  of  Cash  Flows.   Such   distributions  are  reported  net  of  any
contributions made to LPC during the periods. Net distributions to Kronos of $.9
million in 2003, $8.6 million in 2004 and $4.9 million in 2005 are stated net of
contributions  of $13.1 million in 2003, $15.6 million in 2004 and $10.1 million
in 2005.

     LPC made net cash  distributions  of $1.8 million in 2003, $17.2 million in
2004 and $9.7 million in 2005, equally split between the partners.

     Summary balance sheets of LPC are shown below:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)
           ASSETS
<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
Current assets                                           $   58,121         $   62,878
Property and equipment, net                                 211,721            200,383
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  269,842         $  263,261
                                                         ==========         ==========

   LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY

Other liabilities, primarily current                     $   26,590         $   29,896
Partners' equity                                            243,252            233,365
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  269,842         $  263,261
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

Summary income statements of LPC are shown below:
<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In thousands)

Revenues and other income:
<S>                                            <C>               <C>              <C>
  Kronos                                       $  101,293        $  104,849       $  109,417
  Tioxide                                         101,619           105,543          110,379
  Interest                                             73                54              196
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------

                                                  202,985           210,446          219,992
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------
Cost and expenses:
  Cost of sales                                   201,947           209,983          219,576
  General and administrative                          398               463              416
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------

                                                  202,345           210,446          219,992
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------

Net income from continuing operations                 640              -                -
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principles                              (640)             -                -
                                               ----------        ----------       ----------

    Net income                                 $     -           $     -          $     -
                                               ==========        ==========       ==========
</TABLE>


     On September  22, 2005,  the  chloride-process  TiO2  facility  operated by
Kronos' 50%-owned joint venture, Louisiana Pigment Company ("LPC"),  temporarily
halted  production  due  to  Hurricane  Rita.  Although  storm  damage  to  core
processing facilities was not extensive, a variety of factors, including loss of
utilities,  limited  access and  availability  of employees  and raw  materials,
prevented the  resumption of partial  operations  until October 9, 2005 and full
operations  until late 2005.  The joint  venture  expects  the  majority  of its
property  damage  and  unabsorbed  fixed  costs  for  periods  in  which  normal
production  levels were not achieved  will be covered by  insurance,  and Kronos
believes   insurance  will  cover  its  lost  profits   (subject  to  applicable
deductibles) resulting from its share of the lost production from LPC. Insurance
proceeds  from the lost profit for product that Kronos was not able to sell as a
result of the loss of  production  from LPC,  are expected to be  recognized  by
Kronos during 2006, although the amount and timing of such insurance  recoveries
is not  presently  determinable.  The effect on Kronos'  financial  results will
depend on the timing and amount of insurance recoveries.

Note 7 - Accounts payable and accrued liabilities:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
 Accounts payable                                        $   91,713         $   91,397
 Employee benefits                                           36,861             35,610
 Other                                                       41,435             38,538
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  170,009         $  165,545
                                                         ==========         ==========

</TABLE>

Note 8 - Long-term debt:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
 Kronos' U.S. subsidiaries - bank credit facility        $     -            $   11,500
 Kronos International, Inc. and subsidiaries:
   8.875% Senior Secured Notes                              519,225            449,298
   Bank credit facility                                      13,622               -
   Other                                                        348              4,525
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                            533,195            465,323
   Less current maturities                                   13,792                958
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  519,403         $  464,365
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

     In June 2002,  KII issued at par value euro 285  million  principal  amount
($280 million when issued) of its 8.875% Senior  Secured Notes due 2009,  and in
November 2004 KII issued at 107% of par an additional euro 90 million  principal
amount ($130 million when issued) of the KII Senior Secured Notes  (collectively
the  "Notes").  The Notes are  collateralized  by a pledge of 65% of the  common
stock or other  ownership  interests  of certain of KII's  first-tier  operating
subsidiaries.  Such operating subsidiaries are Kronos Titan GmbH, Kronos Denmark
ApS,  Kronos  Limited and Societe  Industrielle  Du Titane,  S.A.  The Notes are
issued  pursuant  to an  indenture  which  contains  a number of  covenants  and
restrictions  which,  among other  things,  restricts the ability of KII and its
subsidiaries to incur debt,  incur liens,  pay dividends or merge or consolidate
with, or sell or transfer all or  substantially  all of their assets to, another
entity. The Notes are redeemable,  at KII's option, at redemption prices ranging
from 104.437% of the principal  amount,  declining to 100% on or after  December
30, 2008.  In the event of a change of control of KII, as defined,  KII would be
required to make an offer to purchase its Notes at 101% of the principal amount.
KII would also be required  to make an offer to purchase a specified  portion of
its  Notes at par  value in the event  KII  generates  a  certain  amount of net
proceeds from the sale of assets  outside the ordinary  course of business,  and
such net  proceeds  are not  otherwise  used  for  specified  purposes  within a
specified time period.  At December 31, 2005, the estimated  market price of the
Notes was approximately  euro 1,045 per euro 1,000 principal amount (2004 - euro
1,075 per euro 1,000  principal  amount).  At December  31,  2005,  the carrying
amount of the Notes  includes  euro 4.8 million  ($5.7  million) of  unamortized
premium associated with the November 2004 issuance (2004 - euro 6.2 million,  or
$8.4 million).

     KII's operating subsidiaries in Germany,  Belgium and Norway (collectively,
the "Borrowers")  have a euro 80 million secured  revolving bank credit facility
that  matures  in June 2008  ("European  Credit  Facility").  Borrowings  may be
denominated in euros,  Norwegian kroners or U.S.  dollars,  and bear interest at
the applicable interbank market rate plus 1.125%. The facility also provides for
the  issuance  of letters of credit up to euro 5 million.  The  European  Credit
Facility is  collateralized  by the accounts  receivable and  inventories of the
borrowers,  plus a  limited  pledge of all of the  other  assets of the  Belgian
borrower.  The European Credit Facility contains certain  restrictive  covenants
which, among other things, restricts the ability of the Borrowers to incur debt,
incur liens, pay dividends or merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer all
or  substantially  all of their assets to,  another  entity.  In  addition,  the
European  Credit  Facility  contains  customary  cross-default  provisions  with
respect  to other  debt and  obligations  of the  Borrowers,  KII and its  other
subsidiaries.  At December  31,  2005,  no amounts  were  outstanding  under the
European Credit Facility,  and the equivalent of $92.3 million was available for
additional borrowing by the subsidiaries.

     Certain of the Company's  U.S.  subsidiaries  have a $50 million  revolving
credit facility ($11.5 million outstanding at December 31, 2005) that matures in
September 2008 ("U.S.  Credit Facility").  The facility is collateralized by the
accounts  receivable,  inventories  and certain  fixed assets of the  borrowers.
Borrowings  under this  facility  are  limited to the lesser of $45 million or a
formula-determined  amount based upon the accounts receivable and inventories of
the borrowers.  Borrowings bear interest at either the prime rate or rates based
upon the  eurodollar  rate (7.0% at December 31,  2005).  The facility  contains
certain restrictive covenants which, among other things, restricts the abilities
of  the  borrowers  to  incur  debt,  incur  liens,  pay  dividends  in  certain
circumstances,  sell assets or enter into mergers.  At December 31, 2005,  $33.5
million was available for additional borrowing under the facility.

     Kronos'  Canadian  subsidiary  has a  Cdn.  $30  million  revolving  credit
facility that matures in January  2009.  The facility is  collateralized  by the
accounts  receivable  and  inventories  of the borrower.  Borrowings  under this
facility are limited to the lesser of Cdn.  $26 million or a  formula-determined
amount based upon the  accounts  receivable  and  inventories  of the  borrower.
Borrowings bear interest at rates based upon either the Canadian prime rate, the
U.S. prime rate or LIBOR. The facility  contains certain  restrictive  covenants
which, among other things,  restricts the ability of the borrower to incur debt,
incur liens, pay dividends in certain  circumstances,  sell assets or enter into
mergers. At December 31, 2005, no amounts were outstanding and the equivalent of
$12.8 million was available for borrowing under the facility.

     Under  the  cross-default  provisions  of  the  Notes,  the  Notes  may  be
accelerated  prior to their stated maturity if KII or any of KII's  subsidiaries
default under any other  indebtedness  in excess of $20 million due to a failure
to pay such  other  indebtedness  at its due date  (including  any due date that
arises  prior to the stated  maturity as a result of a default  under such other
indebtedness).  Under  the  cross-default  provisions  of  the  European  Credit
Facility,  any outstanding  borrowings under the European Credit Facility may be
accelerated prior to their stated maturity if the Borrowers or KII default under
any other  indebtedness in excess of euro 5 million due to a failure to pay such
other  indebtedness at its due date (including any due date that arises prior to
the stated  maturity  as a result of a default  under such other  indebtedness).
Under the cross-default  provisions of the U.S. Credit Facility, any outstanding
borrowing under such facility may be accelerated  prior to their stated maturity
in the event of the bankruptcy of Kronos. The Canadian revolving credit facility
contains no cross-default provisions.  The European, U.S. and Canadian revolving
credit  facilities  each contain  provisions that allow the lender to accelerate
the maturity of the applicable  facility in the event of a change of control, as
defined, of the applicable borrower.  In the event any of these cross-default or
change-of-control   provisions  become  applicable,  and  such  indebtedness  is
accelerated,  Kronos would be required to repay such indebtedness prior to their
stated maturity.

     Aggregate  maturities  of long-term  debt at December 31, 2005 are shown in
the table below.

<TABLE>

 Years ending December 31,                           Amount
--------------------------                       --------------
                                                 (In thousands)

<S>                                                <C>
   2006                                            $     958
   2007                                                  861
   2008                                               12,372
   2009                                              450,200
   2010                                                  932
   2011 and thereafter                                  -
                                                   ---------

                                                   $ 465,323
                                                   =========
</TABLE>

     Restrictions.  Certain of the credit facilities described above require the
respective   borrower  to  maintain  minimum  levels  of  equity,   require  the
maintenance  of  certain  financial  ratios,   limit  dividends  and  additional
indebtedness and contain other provisions and restrictive covenants customary in
lending  transactions  of this type. At December 31, 2005,  the  restricted  net
assets of consolidated  subsidiaries  approximated $90 million.  At December 31,
2005, there were no restrictions on the Company's ability to pay dividends.

Note 9 - Other noncurrent liabilities:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
 Insurance claims and expenses                           $    1,927         $    1,733
 Employee benefits                                            5,107              4,735
 Asset retirement obligations                                   958                934
 Other                                                        9,415              8,653
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $   17,407         $   16,055
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

     The asset retirement obligations are discussed in Note 19.

Note 10 - Notes and payable to affiliates:

     Notes payable to affiliates.  In December 2003,  immediately  prior to NL's
distribution of approximately  48.8% of the outstanding shares of Kronos' common
stock to NL stockholders,  the Company distributed a $200 million dividend to NL
in the form of a long-term note payable. The $200 million long-term note payable
to NL was  unsecured and bore  interest at 9% per annum,  with interest  payable
quarterly and all principal due in 2010.

     On September 24, 2004, NL completed the acquisition of the shares of common
stock of CompX International,  Inc. previously held by Valhi and Valcor, Inc., a
wholly-owned  subsidiary of Valhi.  The purchase price for these shares was paid
by NL's transfer to Valhi and Valcor of an aggregate $168.6 million of NL's $200
million   long-term  note  receivable  from  Kronos.  In  October  2004,  Valcor
distributed its note receivable from Kronos to Valhi,  and  subsequently  Kronos
prepaid $100.0 million on the note payable to Valhi  principally using available
cash on hand.  In December  2004 all  remaining  balances  due to NL,  Valhi and
Valcor were prepaid and the related notes were canceled.

     In 2003,  the Company repaid all amounts  outstanding  under the terms of a
prior $55 million  revolving  credit facility with NL  Environmental  Management
Services,  Inc.  ("EMS"),  a  majority-owned  subsidiary of NL and the revolving
credit agreement with EMS was terminated on June 30, 2003.

Note 11 - Common stock and notes receivable from affiliates:

     NL common stock options held by employees of the Company. Certain employees
of the  Company  have been  granted  nonqualified  options to purchase NL common
stock under the terms of certain option plans  sponsored by NL.  Generally,  the
stock options are granted at a price equal to or greater than 100% of the market
price of NL's common  stock at the date of grant,  vest over a five-year  period
and expire  ten years from the date of grant.  Following  NL's  distribution  of
approximately  48.8% of the  outstanding  shares of Kronos'  common  stock to NL
stockholders,  the  exercise  prices for all options to purchase NL common stock
were adjusted.

     Changes in  outstanding  options to  purchase  NL common  stock  granted to
certain employees of the Company are summarized in the table below.
<TABLE>

                                                                                   Amount        Weighted-
                                                                  Exercise         payable        average
                                                                  price per         upon          exercise
                                                      Shares        share         exercise         price
                                                      ------     -----------     ----------     -----------
                                                           (In thousands, except per share amounts)

<S>                     <C> <C>                        <C>      <C>    <C>        <C>             <C>
Outstanding at December 31, 2002                       659      $ 8.69-21.97      $ 11,178        $ 16.96

Exercised                                              (20)      11.28-11.88          (226)         11.55
Canceled                                               (69)      11.28-20.11        (1,150)         16.67
Adjusted for Kronos common stock
  distribution                                          -         8.69-21.97        (4,913)          8.63
                                                      ----      ------------      --------        -------

Outstanding at December 31, 2003                       570        0.06-13.34         4,889           8.58

Exercised                                             (276)       0.06-11.49        (2,222)          8.04
Canceled                                               (61)       3.56-08.63          (370)          6.14
                                                      ----      ------------      --------        -------

Outstanding at December 31, 2004                       233        2.66-13.34         2,297           9.86

Exercised                                             (112)       5.63-11.49        (1,187)         10.59
Canceled                                                (1)            11.49           (13)         11.49
                                                      ----      ------------      --------        -------

Outstanding at December 31, 2005                       120      $ 2.66-11.49      $  1,097        $  9.15
                                                      ====      ============      ========        =======
</TABLE>


     At December 31, 2005, all of the outstanding options were exercisable, with
an aggregate  intrinsic value (defined as the excess of the market price of NL's
common  stock over the  exercise  price) of  $592,000.  All of such  outstanding
options had exercise prices less than NL's December 31, 2005 quoted market price
of $14.09 per share.  Outstanding options at December 31, 2005 expire at various
dates through 2011.  Shares issued under the incentive  stock plan are generally
newly-issued shares, however prior to September 30, 2004 shares issued under the
incentive stock plan were issued from NL's treasury shares.

     The following table  summarizes NL's stock options  outstanding and held by
certain employees of the Company, and those which are exercisable as of December
31, 2005 by price range.
<TABLE>

                      Options outstanding                                        Options exercisable
-----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------------------------
                                             Weighted-
                                              average         Weighted-                        Weighted-
                            Outstanding      remaining         average       Exercisable        average
          Range of              at          contractual       exercise           at            exercise
       exercise prices       12/31/05           life            price          12/31/05          price
     -------------------    -----------     -----------      ----------      ------------     -----------

<S>  <C>        <C>              <C>           <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
     $ 2.66  -  $ 3.25           8,550         2.8              $ 2.74           8,550           $ 2.74
              5.63              34,350         4.0                5.63          34,350             5.63
       9.34  -   11.49          76,950         5.0               11.43          76,950            11.43
                               -------                                         -------

                               119,850         4.8              $ 9.15         119,850           $ 9.15
                               =======                                         =======
</TABLE>

     Such options generally vest over five years, and vesting ceases at the date
the employee separates from service to the Company (including  retirement).  The
intrinsic  value of these NL options  exercised  aggregated $.1 million in 2003,
$1.8  million  in 2004 and $1.2  million  in 2005,  and the  related  income tax
benefit from such  exercises was less than $50,000 in 2003,  $.6 million in 2004
and $.4 million in 2005.

     Long-term  incentive  compensation  plan. Kronos has a long-term  incentive
compensation  plan that  provides  for the  discretionary  grant of, among other
things,   qualified   incentive  stock  options,   nonqualified  stock  options,
restricted  common  stock,  stock awards and stock  appreciation  rights.  Up to
150,000 shares of Kronos common stock may be issued pursuant to this plan. As of
December  31,  2005,  no options had been  granted  pursuant  to this plan,  and
143,500 shares were available for future grants. During the years ended December
31, 2004 and 2005, 3,000 and 3,500 shares, respectively,  of Kronos common stock
were  awarded  pursuant  to this  plan to  members  of the  Company's  board  of
directors.

     Dividends.  During  each of 2004  and  2005,  Kronos  paid  four  quarterly
dividends aggregating $1.00 per share.

     Other capital  transactions.  In December 2004 and in 2005, NL sold certain
shares of Kronos common stock in market transactions.  Within six months of such
sales  by  NL,  Valhi  purchased   shares  of  Kronos  common  stock  in  market
transactions.  In settlement  of any alleged  short-swing  profits  derived from
these  transactions  as calculated  pursuant to Section 16(b) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Valhi remitted approximately $600,000 and $1.2
million  to the  Company  during the years  ended  December  31,  2004 and 2005,
respectively,  which amounts, net of taxes, have been recorded by the Company as
capital contributions, increasing additional paid-in capital.

     Other. The pro forma  information  included in Note 1, required by SFAS No.
123,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation,"  as amended,  is based on an
estimation  of the fair value of options  issued  subsequent  to January 1, 1995
using the Black-Scholes  stock option valuation model. The  Black-Scholes  model
was not developed for use in valuing  employee stock options,  but was developed
for use in  estimating  the fair  value of traded  options  that have no vesting
restrictions  and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  it requires the use of
subjective  assumptions  including  expectations  of future  dividends and stock
price  volatility.  Such  assumptions are only used for making the required fair
value  estimate and should not be considered  as  indicators of future  dividend
policy  or  stock  price   appreciation.   Because  changes  in  the  subjective
assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate,  and because employee
stock options have characteristics  significantly different from those of traded
options,  the use of the  Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model may not provide a
reliable  estimate of the fair value of employee  stock  options.  The pro forma
impact on net income and basic  earnings  per share  disclosed  in Note 1 is not
necessarily  indicative  of future  effects on net income or earnings per share.
See also Note 20.

Note 12 - Other income:
<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In thousands)

<S>                                               <C>               <C>             <C>
 Contract dispute settlement                      $   -             $6,289          $  -
 Other income                                        490               426             576
                                                  ------            ------          ------

                                                  $  490            $6,715          $  576
                                                  ======            ======          ======
</TABLE>

     The contract dispute settlement relates to the Company's  settlement with a
customer. As part of the settlement, the customer agreed to make payments to the
Company through 2007 aggregating $7.3 million.  The $6.3 million gain recognized
in 2004  represents  the present value of the future  payments to be paid by the
customer to the Company.  Of such $7.3 million,  $1.5 million was paid to Kronos
in 2004 and $1.75  million was paid in 2005,  and $1.75 million is due to Kronos
in 2006 and $2.25 million is due in 2007. At December 31, 2005 the present value
of the remaining amounts due to be paid to Kronos aggregated  approximately $3.7
million, of which $1.7 million is included in accounts and other receivables and
$2.0 million is included in other noncurrent assets.

     Securities transaction gain in the year ended December 31, 2005, classified
as nonoperating income, relates to the sale of the Company's passive interest in
a Norwegian smelting operation, which had a nominal carrying value for financial
reporting  purposes,  for aggregate  consideration of approximately $5.4 million
consisting of cash of $3.5 million and inventory with a value of $1.9 million.

Note 13 - Income taxes:
<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In millions)
 Pre-tax income:
<S>                                               <C>               <C>             <C>
   U.S.                                           $ 13.2            $  3.3          $ 13.0
   Non-U.S.                                         86.1              61.2           125.1
                                                  ------            ------          ------

                                                  $ 99.3            $ 64.5          $138.1
                                                  ======            ======          ======

 Expected tax expense, at U.S.
  federal statutory income tax rate of 35%        $ 34.8            $ 22.6          $ 48.3
 Non-U.S. tax rates                                 (1.1)               .2              .3
 Loss of German tax attribute                       -                   -             17.5
 Canadian tax rate change                           -                   -               .9
 Incremental U.S. tax and rate differences
  on equity in earnings of non-tax group
  companies                                          1.9               (.1)             .2
 Change in deferred income tax valuation
  allowance, net                                    (6.7)           (280.7)             -
 Nondeductible expenses                              2.8               4.3             4.6
 U.S. state income taxes, net                       -                   .2             4.3
 Tax contingency reserve adjustment, net            14.8              (3.1)          (11.5)
 Assessment (refund) of prior
  year income taxes                                (38.0)             (2.5)            2.3
 Adjustment of prior year taxes                     -                  (.1)            -
 Other, net                                          3.2               8.8              .2
                                                  ------           -------          ------

                                                  $ 11.7           $(250.4)         $ 67.1
                                                  ======           =======          ======
</TABLE>




<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In millions)

 Components of income tax expense (benefit):
   Currently payable (refundable):
<S>                                               <C>              <C>              <C>
     U.S. federal and state                       $ 10.5           $    .8          $  8.2
     Non-U.S.                                      (35.3)             12.1            32.4
                                                  ------           -------          ------

                                                   (24.8)             12.9            40.6
                                                  ------           -------          ------
   Deferred income taxes (benefit):
     U.S. federal and state                         (1.0)             11.4            (1.0)
     Non-U.S.                                       37.5            (274.7)           27.5
                                                  ------           -------          ------

                                                    36.5            (263.3)           26.5
                                                  ------           -------          ------

                                                  $ 11.7           $(250.4)         $ 67.1
                                                  ======           =======          ======

 Comprehensive provision for
  income taxes allocable to:
   Net income                                     $ 11.7           $(250.4)         $ 67.1
   Paid in capital                                    -                 .2              -
   Other comprehensive income -
     pension liabilities                           (11.3)             (8.3)          (33.8)
                                                  ------           -------          ------

                                                  $   .4           $(258.5)         $ 33.3
                                                  ======           =======          ======
</TABLE>

     The  components  of the net deferred tax liability at December 31, 2004 and
2005, and changes in the deferred income tax valuation allowance during the past
three years, are summarized in the following tables.
<TABLE>

                                                                                 December 31,
                                                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                       2004                        2005
                                                             -----------------------     -----------------------
                                                             Assets      Liabilities     Assets      Liabilities
                                                             ------      -----------     ------      -----------
                                                                                (In millions)
 Tax effect of temporary differences
  related to:
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
   Inventories                                              $  2.0        $ (5.4)       $  2.2       $  (3.4)
   Property and equipment                                     37.7         (62.4)         25.6         (58.2)
   Accrued Postretirement benefits other than pension                                      3.9
        ("OPEB") costs                                         4.2            -                           -
   Accrued (prepaid) pension cost                             22.4         (40.4)         55.1         (36.1)
   Other accrued liabilities and deductible differences       52.9            -           26.3            -
   Other taxable differences                                    -          (49.8)           -          (32.1)
 Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates not members of                                  -
    the Contran Tax Group                                      1.9            -                           -
 Tax on unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries            -           (4.5)           -           (3.1)
 Tax loss and tax credit carryforwards                       218.1            -          178.1            -
                                                            ------        ------        ------       -------
   Adjusted gross deferred tax assets
     (liabilities)                                           339.2        (162.5)        291.2        (132.9)
 Netting of items by tax jurisdiction                        (99.7)         99.7         (75.3)         75.3
                                                            ------        ------        ------       -------
                                                             239.5         (62.8)        215.9         (57.6)
 Less net current deferred tax                                                             2.2
  asset (liability)                                            1.2          (2.7)                       (4.2)
                                                            ------        ------        ------       -------

     Net noncurrent deferred tax asset
      (liability)                                           $238.3        $(60.1)       $213.7       $ (53.4)
                                                            ======        ======        ======       =======
</TABLE>


<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In millions)

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance:
  Recognition of certain deductible tax
   attributes for which the benefit had not
   previously been recognized under the
<S>                                               <C>              <C>              <C>
   "more-likely-than-not" recognition criteria    $  (6.7)         $(280.7)         $  -
  Foreign currency translation                       28.2             (3.0)            -
  Offset to the change in gross deferred
   income tax assets due principally to
   redeterminations of certain tax attributes
   and implementation of certain tax
   planning strategies                             (12.5)            121.0             -
                                                  ------           -------          ------

                                                  $  9.0           $(162.7)         $  -
                                                  ======           =======          ======
</TABLE>

     Certain of the Company's  U.S. and non-U.S.  tax returns are being examined
and tax authorities have or may propose tax deficiencies,  including  non-income
related items and interest. For example:

o    Kronos  received  a  preliminary  tax  assessment  related to 1993 from the
     Belgian tax  authorities  proposing  tax  deficiencies,  including  related
     interest,  of  approximately  euro 6 million ($7  million at  December  31,
     2005).  Kronos  filed a protest to this  assessment,  and  believes  that a
     significant  portion of the assessment  was without merit.  The Belgian tax
     authorities  have filed a lien on the fixed assets of Kronos'  Belgian TiO2
     operations  in  connection  with this  assessment.  In April  2003,  Kronos
     received a notification from the Belgian tax authorities of their intent to
     assess a tax deficiency  related to 1999 that,  including  interest,  would
     have aggregated approximately euro 9 million ($11 million).  Kronos filed a
     written  response to the assessment,  and in September 2005 the Belgian tax
     authorities withdrew the assessment.

o    The  Norwegian  tax  authorities  have  notified  Kronos of their intent to
     assess tax  deficiencies  of  approximately  kroner 12 million ($2 million)
     relating  to the years  1998  through  2000.  Kronos has  objected  to this
     proposed assessment.

o    Kronos has received a tax  assessment  from the  Canadian  tax  authorities
     related to the years 1998 and 1999  proposing tax  deficiencies,  including
     interest,  of  approximately  Cdn. $5 million ($4 million).  Kronos filed a
     protest and in October 2005, the Canadian tax authorities  agreed to reduce
     the assessment and settle all issues, including interest, for approximately
     Cdn. $2 million ($1.7 million).

     During the third quarter of 2005,  Kronos reached an agreement in principle
with the German tax authorities regarding such tax authorities' objection to the
value assigned to certain intellectual property rights held by Kronos' operating
subsidiary in Germany.  Under the agreement in principle,  the value assigned to
such  intellectual  property  for  German  income tax  purposes  will be reduced
retroactively,  resulting in a reduction in the amount of Kronos' net  operating
loss  carryforward  in  Germany as well as a future  reduction  in the amount of
amortization  expense attributable to such intellectual  property.  As a result,
Kronos  recognized a $17.5 million  non-cash  deferred income tax expense in the
third  quarter  of 2005  related  to  such  agreement.  The  $11.5  million  tax
contingency  adjustment  income tax  benefit in 2005  relates  primarily  to the
withdrawal of the Belgium tax  authorities'  assessment  related to 1999 and the
Canadian  tax  authorities'  reduction of one of its  assessments,  as discussed
above.

     No  assurance  can be given that these tax matters  will be resolved in the
Company's  favor in view of the inherent  uncertainties  involved in  settlement
initiatives  and court and tax  proceedings.  The Company  believes  that it has
provided  adequate  accruals for additional  taxes and related  interest expense
which may  ultimately  result from all such  examinations  and believes that the
ultimate  disposition of such  examinations  should not have a material  adverse
effect  on  its  consolidated  financial  position,  results  of  operations  or
liquidity.

     At December 31, 2003, Kronos had a significant amount of net operating loss
carryforwards for German corporate and trade tax purposes,  all of which have no
expiration  date. These net operating loss  carryforwards  were generated by KII
principally  during  the 1990's  when KII had a  significantly  higher  level of
outstanding indebtedness than is currently outstanding.  For financial reporting
purposes,  however, the benefit of such net operating loss carryforwards had not
previously  been  recognized  because  Kronos  did  not  believe  they  met  the
"more-likely-than-not"  recognition  criteria,  and  accordingly  Kronos  had  a
deferred income tax asset valuation allowance offsetting the benefit of such net
operating loss carryforwards and Kronos' other tax attributes in Germany. At the
end of the second quarter of 2004, and based on all available  evidence,  Kronos
concluded  that the benefit of the net operating  loss  carryforwards  and other
German tax attributes now met the  "more-likely-than-not"  recognition criteria,
and that reversal of the deferred income tax asset valuation  allowance  related
to Germany was appropriate. Given the magnitude of the German net operating loss
carryforwards  and the fact that  current  provisions  of  German  law limit the
annual  utilization of net operating loss carryforwards to 60% of taxable income
after the first euro 1 million  of taxable  income,  KII  believes  it will take
several years to fully utilize the benefit of such loss carryforwards.  However,
given that Kronos had  generated  positive  taxable  income in Germany in recent
years,  combined with the fact that the net operating loss carryforwards have no
expiration  date,  Kronos  concluded,  among  other  reasons,  that  it was  now
appropriate  to  reverse  all of the  valuation  allowance  related  to the  net
operating  loss  carryforwards  because  the  benefit  of  such  operating  loss
carryforwards now meet the  "more-likely-than-not"  recognition criteria. Of the
$280.7 million valuation  allowance related to Germany which was reversed during
2004,  and in accordance  with the  applicable  GAAP related to  accounting  for
income taxes at interim periods,  (i) $8.7 million was reversed during the first
six months of 2004 that related  primarily to the  utilization of the German net
operating  loss  carryforwards  during  such  period,  (ii)  $268.6  million was
reversed as of June 30, 2004 and (iii) $3.4 million was reversed during the last
six months of 2004.

     In the first quarter of 2003, KII was notified by the German Federal Fiscal
Court that the Court had ruled in KII's favor concerning a claim for refund suit
in which KII sought  refunds of prior taxes paid during the periods 1990 through
1997. KII and KII's German  operating  subsidiary  were required to file amended
tax returns with the German tax  authorities to receive  refunds for such years,
and all of such amended  returns were filed  during 2003.  Such amended  returns
reflected an aggregate  net refund of taxes and related  interest to KII and its
German  operating  subsidiary  of euro 26.9  million  ($32.1  million),  and the
Company  recognized  the  benefit of these net  refunds  in its 2003  results of
operations.  For the year ended December 31, 2004, the Company  recognized a net
refund of euro 2.5 million ($3.1  million)  related to  additional  net interest
which has accrued on the outstanding  refund amount.  Through December 2004, KII
and its  German  operating  subsidiary  had  received  net  refunds of euro 35.6
million ($44.7 million when received).  All refunds relating to the periods 1990
to 1997 were  received by December 31, 2004.  In addition to the refunds for the
1990 to 1997 periods,  the court ruling also resulted in a refund of 1999 income
taxes and interest, and the Company recognized euro 21.5 million ($24.6 million)
in 2003.

     At December 31, 2005,  Kronos had the  equivalent  of $593 million and $104
million of net operating loss  carryforwards  for German corporate and trade tax
purposes, respectively, all of which have no expiration date.

     In October  2004,  the American  Jobs Creation Act of 2004 was enacted into
law.  The new law  provided for a special 85%  deduction  for certain  dividends
received from a controlled foreign  corporation in 2005. In the third quarter of
2005, the Company  completed its evaluation of this new provision and determined
that it would not benefit from such special dividends received deduction.

Note 14 - Employee benefit plans:

     Defined  benefit  plans.  The Company  maintains  various  defined  benefit
pension  plans.  Non-U.S.  employees  are  covered by plans in their  respective
countries  and a majority of U.S.  employees  are eligible to  participate  in a
contributory  savings plan. Variances from actuarially assumed rates will result
in increases or decreases in accumulated  pension  obligations,  pension expense
and funding  requirements in future  periods.  At December 31, 2005, the Company
expects to contribute the equivalent of approximately  $18 million to all of its
defined benefit pension plans during 2006.

     The funded status of the  Company's  defined  benefit  pension  plans,  the
components of net periodic  defined  benefit  pension cost and the rates used in
determining the actuarial present value of benefit  obligations are presented in
the tables below.  The Company uses a September  30th  measurement  date for its
defined benefit pension plans.
<TABLE>

                                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)
 Change in projected benefit obligations ("PBO"):
<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
   Benefit obligations at beginning of the year          $  325,960         $  368,863
   Service cost                                               6,758              7,373
   Interest cost                                             17,403             17,718
   Participant contributions                                  1,409              1,526
   Actuarial losses                                           5,176             95,342
   Change in foreign currency exchange rates                 30,163            (41,362)
   Benefits paid                                            (18,006)           (19,890)
                                                         ----------         ----------

       Benefit obligations at end of the year            $  368,863         $  429,570
                                                         ==========         ==========

 Change in plan assets:
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year    $  203,284         $  242,473
   Actual return on plan assets                              19,126             18,282
   Employer contributions                                    17,089             18,555
   Participant contributions                                  1,409              1,526
   Change in foreign currency exchange rates                 19,571            (22,973)
   Benefits paid                                            (18,006)           (19,890)
                                                         ----------         ----------

       Fair value of plan assets at end of year          $  242,473         $  237,973
                                                         ==========         ==========

 Funded status at end of the year:
   Plan assets less than PBO                             $ (126,390)        $ (191,597)
   Unrecognized actuarial losses                            125,221            197,255
   Unrecognized prior service cost                            8,757              7,441
   Unrecognized net transition obligations                    5,019              4,666
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $   12,607         $   17,765
                                                         ==========         ==========
 Amounts recognized in the balance sheet:
   Unrecognized net pension obligations                  $   13,518         $   11,916
   Accrued pension costs:
     Current                                                 (8,771)           (12,320)
     Noncurrent                                             (61,300)          (139,786)
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss                      69,160            157,955
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $   12,607         $   17,765
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>




<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In thousands)

 Net periodic pension cost:
<S>                                              <C>              <C>              <C>
   Service cost benefits                         $  5,127         $   6,758        $  7,373
   Interest cost on PBO                            15,373            17,403          17,718
   Expected return on plan assets                 (14,529)          (15,240)        (15,704)
   Amortization of prior service cost                 354               569             597
   Amortization of net transition obligations         793               657             417
   Recognized actuarial losses                      1,245             3,015           3,672
                                                 --------          --------        --------

                                                 $  8,363          $ 13,162        $ 14,073
                                                 ========          ========        ========
</TABLE>

     The  weighted-average  rate  assumptions  used in determining the actuarial
present  value of  benefit  obligations  as of  December  31,  2004 and 2005 are
presented in the table below. Such weighted-average  rates were determined using
the projected benefit obligations at each date.
<TABLE>

              Rate                                                 December 31,
              ----                                               --------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----

<S>                                                          <C>                <C>
Discount rate                                                5.2%               4.3%
Increase in future compensation levels                       2.8%               2.8%
</TABLE>

     The weighted-average  rate assumptions used in determining the net periodic
pension  cost for 2003,  2004 and 2005 are  presented  in the table  below.  The
weighted-average  discount  rate and the  weighted-average  increase  in  future
compensation  levels were determined using the projected benefit  obligations as
of the beginning of each year, and the weighted-average long-term return on plan
assets was determined using the fair value of plan assets as of the beginning of
each year.
<TABLE>

              Rate                                                    December 31,
              ----                                  --------------------------------------------
                                                      2003              2004              2005
                                                      ----              ----              ----

<S>                                                   <C>               <C>               <C>
Discount rate                                         5.9%              5.5%              5.2%
Increase in future compensation levels                2.6%              2.8%              2.8%
Long-term return on plan assets                       7.2%              7.1%              6.4%
</TABLE>

     As of December  31,  2005,  the  accumulated  benefit  obligations  for all
defined  benefit  pension  plans was  approximately  $391  million  (2004 - $317
million).  At December 31,  2005,  the  projected  benefit  obligations  for all
defined benefit pension plans was comprised of $15 million related to U.S. plans
and $415 million related to non-U.S. plans (2004 - $14 million and $355 million,
respectively).

     At December 31, 2005, the fair value of plan assets for all defined benefit
pension  plans was  comprised  of $18  million  related  to U.S.  plans and $220
million  related  to  non-U.S.  plans  (2004 - $13  million  and  $230  million,
respectively).

     Selected information related to the Company's defined benefit pension plans
that have accumulated benefit obligations in excess of fair value of plan assets
is presented  below. At December 31, 2004 and 2005, 95% and 100%,  respectively,
of the projected benefit obligations of such plans relate to non-U.S. plans.

<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                       <C>                <C>
   Projected benefit obligation                           $368,863           $414,501
   Accumulated benefit obligation                          316,602            376,945

   Fair value of plan assets:
     U.S. plans                                             12,694               -
     Non U.S. plans                                        229,779            220,356
</TABLE>

     In  determining  the  expected  long-term  rate of  return  on  plan  asset
assumptions,  the Company  considers  the long-term  asset mix (e.g.  equity vs.
fixed  income) for the assets for each of its plans and the  expected  long-term
rates of return for such asset  components.  In addition,  the Company  receives
advice  about   appropriate   long-term  rates  of  return  from  the  Company's
third-party actuaries. Such assumed asset mixes are summarized below:

     o    In  Germany,   the   composition  of  the  Company's  plan  assets  is
          established  to  satisfy  the  requirements  of the  German  insurance
          commissioner.  The plan asset  allocation at December 31, 2005 was 23%
          to  equity  managers,  48% to fixed  income  managers  and 29% to real
          estate (2004 - 23%, 48% and 29%, respectively).

     o    In Canada, the Company currently has a plan asset target allocation of
          65% to  equity  managers  and 35% to fixed  income  managers,  with an
          expected  long-term  rate of return  for such  investments  to average
          approximately  125 basis points above the  applicable  equity or fixed
          income index.  The plan asset  allocation at December 31, 2005 was 64%
          to  equity  managers,  32% to fixed  income  managers  and 4% to other
          investments (2004 - 60%, 40% and nil, respectively).

     o    In Norway, the Company currently has a plan asset target allocation of
          14% to equity managers, 64% to fixed income managers and the remainder
          primarily to liquid  investments  such as money markets.  The expected
          long-term  rate of return for such  investments is  approximately  8%,
          4.5% to 6% and  2.5%,  respectively.  The  plan  asset  allocation  at
          December  31,  2005 was 16% to equity  managers,  62% to fixed  income
          managers  and the  remainder  invested  primarily  to cash and  liquid
          investments (2004 - 16%, 64% and 20%, respectively).

     The Company  regularly  reviews its actual asset allocation for each of its
plans,  and will  periodically  rebalance the  investments  in each plan to more
accurately reflect the targeted allocation when considered appropriate.

     At December 31, 2004 and 2005, all of the assets attributable to U.S. plans
were invested in The Combined Master  Retirement  Trust  ("CMRT"),  a collective
investment  trust  sponsored by Contran to permit the  collective  investment by
certain  master trusts which fund certain  employee  benefit plans  sponsored by
Contran and certain of its affiliates.

     At  December  31,  2005,  the asset mix of the CMRT was 86% in U.S.  equity
securities,  3% in U.S.  fixed income  securities,  7% in  international  equity
securities and 4% in cash and other investments. At December 31, 2004, the asset
mix of the CMRT was 77% in U.S.  equity  securities,  14% in U.S.  fixed  income
securities,  7% in  international  equity  securities  and 2% in cash and  other
investments.

     The CMRT's  long-term  investment  objective is to provide a rate of return
exceeding a composite of broad market equity and fixed income indices (including
the S&P 500 and certain Russell indices)  utilizing both third-party  investment
managers as well as  investments  directed by Mr. Harold C. Simmons.  Mr. Harold
Simmons is the sole trustee of the CMRT. The trustee of the CMRT, along with the
CMRT's investment committee,  of which Mr. Simmons is a member,  actively manage
the  investments  of the CMRT.  Such  parties  have in the past,  and may in the
future,  periodically  change the asset mix of the CMRT based upon,  among other
things,  advice they receive from third-party advisors and their expectations as
to what asset mix will generate the greatest overall return. For the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005, the assumed  long-term rate of return for plan
assets invested in the CMRT was 10%. In determining the  appropriateness of such
long-term rate of return assumption, the Company considered, among other things,
the historical rates of return for the CMRT, the current and projected asset mix
of the CMRT and the  investment  objectives of the CMRT's  managers.  During the
18-year  history of the CMRT from its  inception  in 1987  through  December 31,
2005,  the  average  annual  rate of return  has been 14% (with a 36% return for
2005).

     The Company  expects future  benefits paid from all defined benefit pension
plans are as follows:
<TABLE>

                                                          Amount
 Years ending December 31,                            (In thousands)
--------------------------                            --------------

<S>  <C>                                                 <C>
     2006                                                $ 20,235
     2007                                                  19,363
     2008                                                  21,309
     2009                                                  20,181
     2010                                                  20,694
     2011 to 2015                                         113,273
</TABLE>


     Defined   contribution   plans.  The  Company   maintains  various  defined
contribution pension plans with Company contributions based on matching or other
formulas.  Defined  contribution plan expense  approximated $.5 million in 2003,
$.4 million in 2004 and $.6 million in 2005.

     Postretirement  benefits  other than  pensions.  In addition  to  providing
pension benefits,  the Company  currently  provides certain health care and life
insurance  benefits for eligible  retired  employees.  Certain of the  Company's
Canadian employees may become eligible for such  postretirement  health care and
life  insurance  benefits  if they reach  retirement  age while  working for the
Company.  In 1989 the Company  began  phasing out such  benefits for active U.S.
employees over a ten-year period and U.S.  employees retiring after 1998 are not
entitled to any such  benefits.  The  majority of all  retirees  are required to
contribute  a portion of the cost of their  benefits  and  certain  current  and
future  retirees are eligible  for reduced  health care  benefits at age 65. The
Company's  policy is to fund  medical  claims as they are  incurred,  net of any
contributions by the retiree.

     The components of the periodic OPEB cost and accumulated  OPEB  obligations
and the  rates  used in  determining  the  actuarial  present  value of  benefit
obligations    are   presented   in   the   tables   below.    Variances    from
actuarially-assumed  rates will result in  additional  increases or decreases in
accumulated OPEB obligations, net periodic OPEB cost and funding requirements in
future  periods.  At December 31, 2005,  the expected rate of increase in future
health care costs is 8% to 9% in 2006,  declining to 5.5% in 2009 and thereafter
for U.S.  plans and from 7% to 8%  declining  to 5% in 2008 and  thereafter  for
Canadian  plans.  (At December 31, 2004, the expected rate of increase in future
healthcare  costs  ranged  from 8% to 9% in 2005  declining  to 5.5% in 2009 and
thereafter  for  U.S.  plans  and  declining  to 5% in 2008 and  thereafter  for
Canadian plans.) If the healthcare cost trend rate was increased  (decreased) by
one  percentage  point for each year,  OPEB expense would have  increased by $.1
million  (decreased by $.1 million) in 2005, and the actuarial  present value of
accumulated  OPEB  obligations at December 31, 2005 would have increased by $1.4
million (decreased by $1.1 million). At December 31, 2005, the Company currently
expects to contribute  the  equivalent of  approximately  $800,000 to all of its
OPEB plans during 2006, and aggregate benefit payments to OPEB plan participants
are expected to be the equivalent of approximately  $800,000 in each of 2006 and
2007,  $700,000  in each of 2008,  2009 and 2010 and $3.0  million  during  2011
through 2015. The effects of the Medicare Part D subsidy,  discussed  below,  on
expected future contributions is not material.

<TABLE>

                                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

 Change in accumulated OPEB obligations:
<S>                                                      <C>                <C>
   Obligations at beginning of the year                  $   12,661         $   10,520
   Service cost                                                 232                222
   Interest cost                                                724                584
   Actuarial losses (gains)                                  (1,215)               923
   Plan amendments                                           (1,318)              -
   Change in foreign currency exchange rates                    411                286
   Benefits paid                                               (975)            (1,255)
                                                         ----------         ----------

   Obligations at end of the year                        $   10,520         $   11,280
                                                         ==========         ==========

 Change in plan assets:
   Employer contributions                                $      975         $    1,255
   Benefits paid                                               (975)            (1,255)
                                                         ----------         ----------

   Fair value of plan assets at end of the year          $     -            $     -
                                                         ==========         ==========

 Funded status at end of the year:
   Plan assets less than benefit obligations             $  (10,520)        $  (11,280)
   Unrecognized net actuarial losses                            143              1,102
   Unrecognized prior service credit                         (1,850)            (1,211)
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $  (12,227)        $  (11,389)
                                                         ==========         ==========

 Accrued OPEB costs recognized in the balance sheet:
   Current                                               $      939         $    1,215
   Noncurrent                                                11,288             10,174
                                                         ----------         ----------

                                                         $   12,227         $   11,389
                                                         ==========         ==========
</TABLE>



<TABLE>

                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                   2003              2004            2005
                                                   ----              ----            ----
                                                                (In thousands)

 Net periodic OPEB cost (credit):
<S>                                              <C>               <C>             <C>
   Service cost                                  $    152          $    232        $    222
   Interest cost                                      684               724             584
   Amortization of prior service credit            (1,055)             (638)           (639)
   Recognized actuarial losses                         86               137              72
                                                 --------          --------        --------

                                                 $   (133)         $    455        $    239
                                                 ========          ========        ========
</TABLE>



     The  weighted  average  discount  rate used in  determining  the  actuarial
present  value of benefit  obligations  as of December 31, 2005 was 5.6% (2004 -
5.7%).  Such weighted  average rate was determined  using the projected  benefit
obligation  as of  such  dates.  The  impact  of  assumed  increases  in  future
compensation  levels does not have a material  effect on the  actuarial  present
value of the benefit  obligation as  substantially  all of such benefits  relate
solely to eligible retirees, for which compensation is not applicable.

     The weighted  average  discount rate used in  determining  the net periodic
OPEB cost for 2005 was 5.7% (2004 - 5.9%;  2003 - 6.5%).  Such weighted  average
rate was determined using the projected  benefit  obligation as of the beginning
of each year. The impact of assumed increases in future compensation levels does
not have a material effect on the net periodic OPEB cost as substantially all of
such benefits relate solely to eligible retirees,  for which compensation is not
applicable.  The impact of assumed  rate of return on plan  assets also does not
have a  material  affect on the net  periodic  OPEB  cost as there  were no plan
assets as of December 31, 2004 or 2005.

     As of December 31, 2005,  the  accumulated  OPEB  obligations  for all OPEB
plans was  approximately  $11.3 million (2004 - $10.5 million).  At December 31,
2005, the accumulated  OPEB obligations for all OPEB plans was comprised of $4.4
million related to U.S. plans and $6.9 million related to the Company's Canadian
plans (2004 - $5.1 million and $5.4 million, respectively).

     The Medicare  Prescription Drug,  Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003
(the "Medicare 2003 Act") introduced a prescription  drug benefit under Medicare
(Medicare  Part D) as well as a federal  subsidy to sponsors  of retiree  health
care  benefit  plans  that  provide  a  benefit  that  is at  least  actuarially
equivalent  to Medicare  Part D. During the third  quarter of 2004,  the Company
determined that benefits provided by its plan are actuarially  equivalent to the
Medicare  Part D benefit and  therefore  the Company is eligible for the federal
subsidy provided for by the Medicare 2003 Act. The effect of such subsidy, which
is  accounted  for  prospectively  from  the  date  actuarial   equivalence  was
determined,  as  permitted  by and in  accordance  with FASB Staff  Position No.
106-2, did not have a material impact on the accumulated  postretirement benefit
obligation,  and will not have a material  impact on the net periodic  OPEB cost
going forward.

Note 15 - Related party transactions:

     The Company may be deemed to be controlled  by Harold C. Simmons.  See Note
1.  Corporations  that may be deemed to be controlled by or affiliated  with Mr.
Simmons sometimes engage in (a) intercorporate  transactions such as guarantees,
management and expense  sharing  arrangements,  shared fee  arrangements,  joint
ventures,  partnerships,  loans, options, advances of funds on open account, and
sales,  leases and  exchanges  of assets,  including  securities  issued by both
related  and  unrelated  parties  and  (b)  common  investment  and  acquisition
strategies,   business   combinations,    reorganizations,    recapitalizations,
securities  repurchases,  and  purchases and sales (and other  acquisitions  and
dispositions)  of  subsidiaries,   divisions  or  other  business  units,  which
transactions  have involved both related and unrelated parties and have included
transactions  which  resulted  in the  acquisition  by one  related  party  of a
publicly-held  minority  equity  interest  in another  related  party.  While no
transactions of the type described above are planned or proposed with respect to
the Company other than as set forth in these financial  statements,  the Company
continuously considers,  reviews and evaluates, and understands that Contran and
related entities consider, review and evaluate such transactions. Depending upon
the business,  tax and other  objectives then relevant,  it is possible that the
Company might be a party to one or more such transactions in the future.

     Current  receivables  from and payables to affiliates are summarized in the
table below.

<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

 Current receivables from affiliate:
<S>                                                        <C>                <C>
   NL                                                      $    16            $  -
   Titanium Metals Corporation                                -                     2
                                                           -------            -------

                                                           $    16            $     2
                                                           =======            =======

 Current payables to affiliates:
     Income taxes payable to Valhi                         $   387            $   434
     NL                                                          -                145
     LPC                                                     8,844              9,803
                                                           -------            -------

                                                           $ 9,231           $ 10,382
                                                           =======            =======
</TABLE>

     Amounts  payable to LPC are generally for the purchase of TiO2 (see Note 6)
and amounts payable to NL principally  related to accrued  interest on affiliate
loans. Purchases of TiO2 from LPC were $101.3 million in 2003, $104.8 million in
2004 and $109.4 million in 2005.  Titanium Metals Corporation is an affiliate of
Valhi.

     From time to time,  loans and  advances  are made  between  the Company and
various  related  parties  pursuant  to term and demand  notes.  These loans and
advances are entered into  principally  for cash management  purposes.  When the
Company loans funds to related  parties,  the lender is generally able to earn a
higher  rate of return on the loan than the lender  would earn if the funds were
invested in other  instruments.  While  certain of such loans may be of a lesser
credit  quality  than cash  equivalent  instruments  otherwise  available to the
Company,  the Company  believes that it has evaluated the credit risks involved,
and that those risks are reasonable and reflected in the terms of the applicable
loans. When the Company borrows from related parties,  the borrower is generally
able to pay a lower rate of interest than the borrower  would pay if it borrowed
from other parties.  In addition,  certain loans to and from affiliates not made
for cash management purposes are discussed in Notes 10 and 11.

     Interest  income  on  all  loans  to  related  parties,  including  amounts
discussed  in Notes 10 and 11,  was $.7  million in 2003 and nil in each of 2004
and 2005. Interest expense on all loans from related parties,  including amounts
discussed in Note 10, was $1.9 million in 2003, $15.2 million in 2004 and nil in
2005.

     Under the terms of  various  intercorporate  services  agreements  ("ISAs")
entered into between the Company and various related parties, including Contran,
employees  of  one  company  will  provide  certain  management,  tax  planning,
financial and administrative  services to the other company on a fee basis. Such
charges are based upon  estimates  of the time  devoted by the  employees of the
provider of the services to the affairs of the recipient,  and the  compensation
and  associated  expenses  of such  persons.  Because  of the  large  number  of
companies  affiliated with Contran and NL, the Company believes it benefits from
cost savings and  economies of scale  gained by not having  certain  management,
financial and  administrative  staffs  duplicated at each entity,  thus allowing
certain  individuals  to provide  services  to  multiple  companies  but only be
compensated  by one entity.  The net ISA fee charged to the Company  included in
selling,  general and  administrative  expense and corporate  expense,  was $3.7
million in 2003, $4.4 million in 2004 and $5.7 million in 2005.

     Tall  Pines  Insurance  Company,  and EWI RE,  Inc.  provide  for or broker
certain  insurance  policies  for Contran and  certain of its  subsidiaries  and
affiliates, including the Company. Tall Pines is wholly-owned by a subsidiary of
Valhi,  and EWI is a wholly-owned  subsidiary of NL.  Consistent  with insurance
industry  practices,  Tall Pines and EWI receive  commissions from insurance and
reinsurance  underwriters  and/or assess fees for the policies that they provide
or broker.  The aggregate premiums paid to Tall Pines (including amounts paid to
Valmont Insurance Company, another subsidiary of Valhi that was merged into Tall
Pines in 2004) and EWI by the Company and its joint venture were $7.2 million in
2003, $7.7 million in 2004 and $7.0 million in 2005.  These amounts  principally
included payments for insurance and reinsurance  premiums paid to third parties,
but also included  commissions  paid to Tall Pines and EWI. Tall Pines purchases
reinsurance  for  substantially  all of the risks it  underwrites.  The  Company
expects that these relationships with Tall Pines and EWI will continue in 2006.

     Contran and  certain of its  subsidiaries  and  affiliates,  including  the
Company, purchase certain of their insurance policies as a group, with the costs
of  the  jointly-owned   policies  being  apportioned  among  the  participating
companies.  With  respect to  certain  of such  policies,  it is  possible  that
unusually  large losses  incurred by one or more insureds  during a given policy
period could leave the other  participating  companies without adequate coverage
under that policy for the balance of the policy period. As a result, Contran and
certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates,  including the Company, have entered
into a loss sharing  agreement under which any uninsured loss is shared by those
entities  who have  submitted  claims  under the  relevant  policy.  The Company
believes  the  benefits in the form of reduced  premiums  and  broader  coverage
associated  with  the  group  coverage  for  such  policies  justifies  the risk
associated with the potential for any uninsured loss.

     In June  2003 the  Company  distributed  EWI to NL in the form of a noncash
dividend. The Company accounted for the distribution of EWI to NL as a change in
accounting  entity,  and  accordingly  the  Company's   consolidated   financial
statements have been retroactively restated to exclude the assets,  liabilities,
results of operations and cash flows of EWI for all periods  presented since the
January 2002 acquisiton.  Reflected as part of "other capital  transactions with
affiliates,  net" in the accompanying  Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows is
such $9.2 million purchase price.

Note 16 - Commitments and contingencies:

     Environmental  matters.  The Company's  operations  are governed by various
environmental laws and regulations.  Certain of the Company's operations are and
have been engaged in the handling, manufacture or use of substances or compounds
that may be  considered  toxic or  hazardous  within the  meaning of  applicable
environmental  laws and regulations.  As with other companies engaged in similar
businesses, certain past and current operations and products of the Company have
the  potential  to  cause   environmental  or  other  damage.  The  Company  has
implemented  and  continues  to  implement  various  policies and programs in an
effort to minimize these risks. The Company's  policy is to maintain  compliance
with applicable  environmental laws and regulations at all of its facilities and
to strive to  improve  its  environmental  performance.  From time to time,  the
Company may be subject to environmental  regulatory  enforcement  under U.S. and
foreign  statutes,  resolution of which typically  involves the establishment of
compliance programs.  It is possible that future developments,  such as stricter
requirements of environmental laws and enforcement  policies  thereunder,  could
adversely   affect   the   Company's   production,   handling,   use,   storage,
transportation, sale or disposal of such substances. The Company believes all of
its plants are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws.

     Litigation matters. Kronos' Belgian subsidiary and certain of its employees
are the subject of civil and criminal  proceedings  relating to an accident that
resulted in two  fatalities  at the Company's  Belgian  facility in 2000. In May
2004,  the court ruled and,  among other things,  imposed a fine of euro 200,000
against  Kronos and fines  aggregating  less than euro  40,000  against  various
Kronos employees. Kronos and the individual employees have appealed the ruling.

     In  addition  to the  litigation  described  above,  the  Company  and  its
affiliates  are also  involved  in  various  other  environmental,  contractual,
product  liability,  patent (or  intellectual  property),  employment  and other
claims and disputes incidental to its present and former businesses.

     Kronos  currently  believes  the  disposition  of all claims and  disputes,
individually or in the aggregate,  should not have a material  adverse effect on
its consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

     Concentrations  of credit risk.  Sales of TiO2 accounted for  approximately
90% of net sales from continuing operations during each of the past three years.
The  remaining  sales  result  from the mining and sale of  ilmenite  ore (a raw
material used in the sulfate pigment  production  process),  and the manufacture
and sale of iron-based water treatment  chemicals and certain titanium  chemical
products  (derived from co-products of the TiO2 production  processes).  TiO2 is
generally  sold to the paint,  plastics and paper  industries.  Such markets are
generally  considered   "quality-of-life"  markets  whose  demand  for  TiO2  is
influenced  by  the  relative  economic  well-being  of the  various  geographic
regions.  TiO2 is  sold to over  4,000  customers,  with  the top ten  customers
approximating  26% of net sales in 2005 and 25% of net sales in each of 2004 and
2003.  By volume,  approximately  one-half of the  Company's  TiO2 sales were to
Europe in each of the past three  years and  approximately  40% of sales in 2003
and 38% in each of 2004 and 2005 were attributable to North America.

     At December 31, 2005,  consolidated  cash, cash  equivalents and restricted
cash includes $2.8 million invested in U.S. Treasury securities  purchased under
short-term agreements to resell (2004 - $38.1 million).

     Long-term  contracts.  The  Company has  long-term  supply  contracts  that
provide  for  the  Company's  TiO2  feedstock  requirements  through  2010.  The
agreements  require  the  Company to  purchase  certain  minimum  quantities  of
feedstock  with minimum  purchase  commitments  aggregating  approximately  $681
million at December 31, 2005.

     Operating leases.  Kronos' principal German operating subsidiary leases the
land under its  Leverkusen  TiO2  production  facility  pursuant to a lease with
Bayer AG that expires in 2050. The Leverkusen facility itself, which is owned by
the Company and which represents approximately one-third of Kronos' current TiO2
production capacity, is located within Bayer's extensive  manufacturing complex.
Rent for the land lease associated with the Leverkusen  facility is periodically
established by agreement with Bayer for periods of at least two years at a time.
The  lease  agreement  provides  for no  formula,  index or other  mechanism  to
determine  changes in the rent for such land  lease;  rather,  any change in the
rent is subject  solely to periodic  negotiation  between Bayer and the Company.
Any change in the rent based on such negotiations is recognized as part of lease
expense  starting from the time such change is agreed upon by both  parties,  as
any such change in the rent is deemed  "contingent  rentals" under GAAP. Under a
separate supplies and services  agreement  expiring in 2011, the lessor provides
some raw  materials,  including  chlorine,  auxiliary and  operating  materials,
utilities and services necessary to operate the Leverkusen facility.

     The  Company  also  leases  various  other  manufacturing   facilities  and
equipment.  Some of the leases  contain  purchase  and/or  various  term renewal
options at fair market and fair rental values,  respectively.  In most cases the
Company  expects  that,  in the normal  course of business,  such leases will be
renewed or replaced by other leases.  Net rent expense  approximated $12 million
in 2003 and $11 million in each of 2004 and 2005.  At December 31, 2005,  future
minimum  payments  under  noncancellable  operating  leases having an initial or
remaining term of more than one year were as follows:
<TABLE>

 Years ending December 31,                                            Amount
--------------------------                                        --------------
                                                                  (In thousands)

<S>                                                                  <C>
   2006                                                              $ 4,857
   2007                                                                3,591
   2008                                                                3,045
   2009                                                                2,272
   2010                                                                1,388
   2011 and thereafter                                                21,083
                                                                     -------

                                                                     $36,236
                                                                     =======
</TABLE>

     Approximately  $20.1 million of the $36.2 million  aggregate future minimum
rental  commitments  at December  31, 2005 relates to the  Company's  Leverkusen
facility lease discussed  above. The minimum  commitment  amounts for such lease
included in the table above for each year  through  the 2050  expiration  of the
lease are based upon the current  annual rental rate as of December 31, 2005. As
discussed above, any change in the rent is based solely on negotiations  between
Bayer and the  Company,  and any such  change in the rent is deemed  "contingent
rentals"  under GAAP which is excluded from the future  minimum  lease  payments
disclosed above.

     Income taxes.  Contran and Valhi have agreed to a policy  providing for the
allocation  of tax  liabilities  and tax  payments as described in Note 1. Under
applicable  law, the  Company,  as well as every other member of the Contran Tax
Group,  are each jointly and severally  liable for the aggregate  federal income
tax  liability  of Contran and the other  companies  included in the Contran Tax
Group for all periods in which the Company is included in the Contran Tax Group.
Contran has agreed,  however,  to indemnify  the Company for any  liability  for
income taxes of the Contran Tax Group in excess of the  Company's  tax liability
previously  computed  and paid by Valhi in  accordance  with the tax  allocation
policy.

Note 17 - Financial instruments:

     Summarized below is the estimated fair value and related net carrying value
of the Company's financial instruments.
<TABLE>

                                                             December 31,                December 31,
                                                                 2004                        2005
                                                      ---------------------------  -------------------------
                                                        Carrying        Fair         Carrying      Fair
                                                         Amount        Value          Amount       Value
                                                      ------------- -------------  -------------------------
                                                                          (In millions)
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash
   and noncurrent restricted marketable
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>            <C>         <C>
    debt securities                                     $  65.2       $   65.2       $  76.0     $   76.0

Notes payable and long-term debt:
  Fixed rate with market quotes -

    8.875% Senior Secured Notes                         $ 519.2       $  549.1       $ 449.3     $  463.6
  Variable rate debt                                    $  13.6       $   13.6       $  11.5     $   11.5
Common stockholders' equity                             $ 470.8       $1,994.6       $ 410.0     $1,420.0
</TABLE>

     Fair value of the Company's  restricted  marketable  debt  securities,  the
Notes and the fair value of the Company's common stockholders' equity, are based
upon quoted market prices at each balance sheet date.

     Certain of the Company's  sales  generated by its non-U.S.  operations  are
denominated in U.S.  dollars.  The Company  periodically  uses currency  forward
contracts  to  manage a very  nominal  portion  of  foreign  exchange  rate risk
associated  with  receivables  denominated in a currency other than the holder's
functional  currency or similar exchange rate risk associated with future sales.
The Company  has not entered  into these  contracts  for trading or  speculative
purposes in the past, nor does the Company  currently  anticipate  entering into
such  contracts for trading or speculative  purposes in the future.  Derivatives
used to hedge  forecasted  transactions  and specific cash flows associated with
foreign currency  denominated  financial  assets and liabilities  which meet the
criteria for hedge accounting are designated as cash flow hedges.  Consequently,
the  effective  portion  of gains  and  losses is  deferred  as a  component  of
accumulated other comprehensive income and is recognized in earnings at the time
the hedged item affects  earnings.  Contracts  that do not meet the criteria for
hedge  accounting  are  marked-to-market  at each  balance  sheet  date with any
resulting  gain or loss  recognized in income  currently as part of net currency
transactions.  During 2004 and 2005,  the Company has not used hedge  accounting
for any of its  contracts.  At December 31,  2005,  the Company held a series of
short-term  currency  forward  contracts,  which mature at various dates through
March 31, 2006,  to exchange an aggregate of U.S. $7.5 million for an equivalent
amount of Canadian dollars at an exchange rate of Cdn. $1.19 per U.S. dollar. At
December 31, 2005, the actual exchange rate was Cdn. $1.16 per U.S. dollar.  The
estimated fair value of such foreign currency forward contracts was not material
at December 31, 2005.  The Company held no such  currency  forward  contracts at
December 31, 2004 and held no other significant derivative contracts at December
31, 2004 or 2005.

Note 18 -         Quarterly results of operations (unaudited):
<TABLE>

                                                                                 Quarter ended
                                                      ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                       March 31         June 30        Sept. 30         Dec. 31
                                                      ---------        ---------      ---------        ---------
                                                                 (In millions, except per share data)

 Year ended December 31, 2004
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>
 Net sales                                             $ 263.3          $ 295.8        $ 286.0          $ 283.5
 Gross margin                                          $  61.0          $  68.3        $  66.7          $  66.3

 Net income                                            $   9.8          $ 284.8        $  10.1          $  10.2

 Basic and diluted earnings per common share           $   .20          $  5.82        $   .21          $   .21

 Year ended December 31, 2005
 Net sales                                             $ 291.9          $ 311.7        $ 292.1          $ 301.0
 Gross margin                                          $  84.2          $  94.6        $  75.9          $  72.2

 Net income                                            $  21.4          $  32.9        $   8.0          $   8.7
 Basic and diluted earnings per common share           $   .44          $   .67        $   .16          $   .18
</TABLE>

     The sum of the  quarterly  per share  amounts  may not equal the annual per
share amounts due to relative  changes in the weighted  average number of shares
used in the per share computations.

Note 19 - Accounting principles newly adopted in 2003 and 2004:

     Asset retirement obligations. The Company adopted SFAS No. 143, "Accounting
for Asset  Retirement  Obligations," on January 1, 2003. Under SFAS No. 143, the
fair value of a liability for an asset retirement  obligation  covered under the
scope of SFAS No.  143 is  recognized  in the period in which the  liability  is
incurred,  with an  offsetting  increase in the  carrying  amount of the related
long-lived  asset.  Over time,  the  liability  would be  accreted to its future
value,  and the  capitalized  cost is  depreciated  over the useful  life of the
related asset.  Upon  settlement of the liability,  an entity either settles the
obligation for its recorded amount or incurs a gain or loss upon settlement.

     Under the transition provisions of SFAS No. 143, at the date of adoption on
January 1, 2003 the Company  recognized (i) an asset retirement cost capitalized
as an increase to the carrying value of its property, plant and equipment,  (ii)
accumulated  depreciation on such capitalized cost and (iii) a liability for the
asset retirement  obligation.  Amounts resulting from the initial application of
SFAS No. 143 are measured using information,  assumptions and interest rates all
as of January 1, 2003.  The amount  recognized as the asset  retirement  cost is
measured as of the date the asset retirement obligation was incurred. Cumulative
accretion on the asset retirement  obligation,  and accumulated  depreciation on
the asset  retirement  cost, is recognized for the time period from the date the
asset  retirement  cost  and  liability  would  have  been  recognized  had  the
provisions  of SFAS  No.  143 been in  effect  at the  date  the  liability  was
incurred,  through January 1, 2003. The difference,  if any, between the amounts
to be recognized as described above and any associated amounts recognized in the
Company's  balance  sheet as of December 31, 2002 is  recognized as a cumulative
effect of a change in  accounting  principles  as of the date of  adoption.  The
effect of  adopting  SFAS No.  143 as of January  1, 2003 was not  material,  as
summarized  in  the  table  below,  and  is  not  separately  recognized  in the
accompanying Statement of Income.
<TABLE>

                                                                                  Amount
                                                                               -------------
                                                                               (in millions)

Increase in carrying value of net property, plant and equipment:
<S>                                                                               <C>
  Cost                                                                            $  .4
  Accumulated depreciation                                                          (.1)
Decrease in carrying value of previously-accrued closure and
 post-closure activities                                                             .3
Asset retirement obligation recognized                                              (.6)
                                                                                  -----

  Net impact                                                                      $  -
                                                                                  =====
</TABLE>

     The  change  in the  asset  retirement  obligations  from  January  1, 2003
($600,000) to December 31, 2003 ($800,000) and to December 31, 2004 ($1 million)
and to December 31, 2005  ($900,000) is due  primarily to accretion  expense and
the effects of currency translation.  Accretion expense,  which is reported as a
component  of cost of  sales  in the  accompanying  Consolidated  Statements  of
Income,  approximated  $100,000  for each of the years ended  December 31, 2003,
2004 and 2005.

     Estimates of the ultimate cost to be incurred to settle the Company's asset
retirement obligations require a number of assumptions, are inherently difficult
to develop  and the  ultimate  outcome  may differ from  current  estimates.  As
additional  information  becomes  available,  cost estimates will be adjusted as
necessary.  It  is  possible  that  technological,   regulatory  or  enforcement
developments,  the results of studies or other  factors  could  necessitate  the
recording of additional liabilities.

     Costs associated with exit or disposal activities. The Company adopted SFAS
No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal  Activities," on
January 1, 2003 for exit or disposal activities initiated on or after that date.
Under SFAS No. 146, costs associated with exit activities,  as defined, that are
covered by the scope of SFAS No. 146 will be recognized  and measured  initially
at fair value, generally in the period in which the liability is incurred. Costs
covered by the scope of SFAS No. 146 include  termination  benefits  provided to
employees,  costs to consolidate facilities or relocate employees,  and costs to
terminate contracts (other than a capital lease).  Under prior GAAP, a liability
for such an exit cost is recognized  at the date an exit plan is adopted,  which
may or may not be the date at which the liability has been incurred.  The effect
of adopting  SFAS No. 146 as of January 1, 2003 was not  material as the Company
was not involved in any exit or disposal  activities covered by the scope of the
new standard as of such date.

     Variable  interest  entities.  The Company complied with the  consolidation
requirements of FASB Interpretation ("FIN") No. 46R,  "Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities, an interpretation of ARB No. 51," as amended, as of March 31,
2004.  The Company  does not have any  involvement  with any  variable  interest
entity (as that term is defined in FIN No. 46R)  covered by the scope of FIN No.
46R that would require the Company to consolidate  such entity under FIN No. 46R
which had not  already  been  consolidated  under  prior  applicable  GAAP,  and
therefore the impact to the Company of adopting the  consolidation  requirements
of FIN No. 46R was not material.

Note 20- Accounting principles not yet adopted:

     Stock options. The Company will adopt SFAS No. 123R, "Share-Based Payment",
as of January  1, 2006.  SFAS No.  123R,  among  other  things,  eliminated  the
alternative  in previously  existing  GAAP to use the intrinsic  value method of
accounting  for  stock-based  employee  compensation  under  APBO No.  25.  Upon
adoption of SFAS No. 123R,  the Company will  generally be required to recognize
the cost of  employee  services  received  in  exchange  for an award of  equity
instruments  based on the  grant-date  fair  value of the  award,  with the cost
recognized  over the period  during  which an  employee  is  required to provide
services in exchange for the award (generally, the vesting period of the award).
No compensation cost will be recognized in the aggregate for equity  instruments
for which the employee does not render the  requisite  service  (generally,  the
instrument is forfeited before it has vested). The grant-date fair value will be
estimated using option-pricing  models (e.g.  Black-Scholes or a lattice model).
Under the  transition  alternatives  permitted  under SFAS No. 123R, the Company
will apply the new  standard  to all new awards  granted on or after  January 1,
2006, and to all awards existing as of December 31, 2005 which are  subsequently
modified,  repurchased  or cancelled.  Additionally,  as of January 1, 2006, the
Company  will be required to recognize  compensation  cost  previously  measured
under  SFAS No. 123 for the  portion  of any  non-vested  award  existing  as of
December 31, 2005 over the remaining vesting period. Because the Company has not
granted any options to purchase  its common  stock and did not grant any options
prior to January 1, 2006,  and  because  the number of  non-vested  awards as of
December  31, 2005 with  respect to options  granted by NL to  employees  of the
Company is not expected to be material,  the effect of adopting SFAS No. 123R is
not expected to be  significant  in so far as it relates to the  recognition  of
compensation  cost  in the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of  income  for
existing stock options. Should the Company,  however, grant a significant number
of options in the  future,  the  Company  could  recognize  material  amounts of
compensation  cost  related  to  such  options  in  its  consolidated  financial
statements.

     Also upon adoption of SFAS No. 123R, any cash income tax benefit  resulting
from the  exercise  of stock  options  in excess of the  cumulative  income  tax
benefit  related  to such  options  previously  recognized  for  GAAP  financial
reporting purposes in the Company's  consolidated  statements of income, if any,
will be reflected as a cash inflow from  financing  activities  in the Company's
consolidated  statements  of cash  flows,  and the  Company's  cash  flows  from
operating  activities  will  reflect  the effect of cash paid for  income  taxes
exclusive of such cash income tax benefit.

     SFAS No. 123R also  requires  certain  expanded  disclosures  regarding the
Company's  stock options,  and such expanded  disclosures  have been provided in
Note 11.

     Inventory costs. The Company will adopt SFAS No. 151,  "Inventory Costs, an
amendment of ARB No. 43,  Chapter 4," for inventory  costs  incurred on or after
January 1, 2006.  SFAS No. 151 requires that the allocation of fixed  production
overhead costs to inventory shall be based on normal  capacity.  Normal capacity
is not defined as a fixed amount;  rather,  normal capacity refers to a range of
production  levels expected to be achieved over a number of periods under normal
circumstances,  taking into account the loss of capacity  resulting from planned
maintenance  shutdowns.  The amount of fixed overhead  allocated to each unit of
production is not increased as a consequence of idle plant or production  levels
below the low end of normal  capacity,  but instead a portion of fixed  overhead
costs  are  charged  to  expense  as  incurred.  Alternatively,  in  periods  of
production above the high end of normal  capacity,  the amount of fixed overhead
costs allocated to each unit of production is decreased so that  inventories are
not measured above cost.  SFAS No. 151 also  clarifies  existing GAAP to require
that  abnormal  freight and wasted  materials  (spoilage)  are to be expensed as
incurred.  The Company believes its production cost accounting  already complies
with the  requirements of SFAS No. 151, and the Company does not expect adoption
of SFAS No.  151 will  have a  material  effect  on its  consolidated  financial
statements.


                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

           SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT

                            Condensed Balance Sheets

                           December 31, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>

                                                              2004               2005
                                                              ----               ----

Current assets:
<S>                                                        <C>                <C>
  Cash and cash equivalents                                $    7,734         $      186
  Receivables from affiliates                                   2,776              4,661
  Prepaid expenses                                                337                530
                                                           ----------         ----------

      Total current assets                                     10,847              5,377
                                                           ----------         ----------

Other assets:
  Notes receivable from subsidiaries and affiliates            51,250             23,280
  Investment in subsidiaries                                  638,821            577,943
                                                           ----------         ----------

      Total other assets                                      690,071            601,223
                                                           ----------         ----------

                                                           $  700,918         $  606,600
                                                           ==========         ==========

Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                 $        4         $      113
  Payable to affiliates                                           742                436
  Deferred income taxes                                             2                  2
                                                           ----------         ----------

      Total current liabilities                                   748                551
                                                           ----------         ----------

Noncurrent liabilities:
  Notes payable to subsidiaries and affiliates                222,168            192,941
  Deferred income taxes                                         7,157              3,124
                                                           ----------         ----------

      Total noncurrent liabilities                            229,325            196,065
                                                           ----------         ----------


Stockholders' equity                                          470,845            409,984
                                                           ----------         ----------

                                                           $  700,918         $  606,600
                                                           ==========         ==========
</TABLE>


Contingencies (Note 4)



                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

     SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Continued)

                         Condensed Statements of Income

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>

                                                         2003                2004              2005
                                                         ----                ----              ----

Revenues and other income:
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>               <C>
  Equity in earnings of subsidiaries                  $   92,051         $  336,922        $   77,437
  Interest income from affiliates                          3,009              2,678             2,627
  Interest and dividends                                      29                382                69
  Other income                                                 8               -                 -
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

                                                          95,097            339,982            80,133
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------
Costs and expenses:
  General and administrative                                 269              1,601             2,048
  Intercompany interest and other                          1,917             17,973            18,943
  Other expense                                             -                   130            (1,846)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

                                                           2,186             19,704            19,145
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

  Income before income taxes                              92,911            320,278            60,988

Provision for income taxes                                 5,362              5,425           (10,018)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

  Net income                                          $   87,549         $  314,853        $   71,006
                                                      ==========         ==========        ==========
</TABLE>







                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

     SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Continued)

                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>

                                                         2003                2004              2005
                                                         ----                ----              ----

Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                   <C>                 <C>              <C>
   Net income                                         $   87,549          $314,853         $   71,006
   Cash distributions from subsidiaries                     -               60,000             25,500
   Deferred income taxes                                    (538)           10,831             (4,260)
   Equity in earnings of subsidiaries                    (92,051)         (336,922)           (77,437)
   Other, net                                               -                   90               (174)
  Net change in assets and liabilities                     1,295            (4,379)            (2,525)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

        Net cash provided (used)
          by operating activities                         (3,745)            44,473            12,110
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
     Loans to affiliates                                 (16,550)            (8,000)             -
     Collections of loans to affiliates                   46,404              7,000            27,970
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------
        Net cash provided (used)
          by investing activities                         29,854             (1,000)           27,970
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

Cash flows from financing activities:
     Loans from affiliates                                 8,000            209,524
     Repayments of loans from affiliates                 (52,600)          (200,000)             -
     Dividends paid                                       18,000            (48,945)          (48,949)
     Capital contributions                                  -                   609             1,321
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

            Net cash used by financing
              activities:                                (26,600)           (38,812)          (47,628)
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

Net change during the year from operating,
   investing and financing activities                       (491)             4,661            (7,548)

Balance at beginning of year                               3,564              3,073             7,734
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

Balance at end of year                                $    3,073         $    7,734        $      186
                                                      ==========         ==========        ==========
</TABLE>





                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

     SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Continued)

                    Notes to Condensed Financial Information


Note 1 - Basis of presentation:

     The accompanying  financial  statements of Kronos  Worldwide,  Inc. reflect
Kronos' investment in its majority-owned  subsidiaries on the equity method. The
Consolidated Financial Statements of Kronos and its majority-owned  subsidiaries
(the "Company") and the related Notes to Consolidated  Financial  Statements are
incorporated herein by reference.

Note 2 - Net receivable from (payable to) subsidiaries and affiliates:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

Current:
    Receivable from:
<S>                            <C>                         <C>                  <C>
        Kronos Louisiana, Inc. ("KLA")                     $    -               $   2,751
        KLA - income taxes                                     2,681                1,874
        Kronos (US), Inc. ("KUS")                               -                      36
        Kronos International, Inc. ("KII")                        95                 -
                                                           ---------            ---------

                                                           $   2,776            $   4,661
                                                           =========            =========
       Payable to:
            KUS                                            $     204            $
            Valhi - income taxes                                 387                  434
            Kronos Cananda, Inc. ("KC")                           56                 -
            Other                                                 95                    2
                                                           ---------            ---------

                                                           $     742            $     436
                                                           =========            =========

Noncurrent:
       Receivable from KUS                                 $  51,250            $  23,280
                                                           =========            =========

       Payable to KII                                      $ 222,168            $ 192,941
                                                           =========            =========
</TABLE>

     During  2004,  KII loaned the  Company the  equivalent  of  $222,168.  Such
amounts are eliminated upon consolidation.  See also Note 10 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements for a description of noncurrent receivables and payables.




Note 3 - Investment in subsidiaries:
<TABLE>

                                                                   December 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                             2004               2005
                                                             ----               ----
                                                                  (In thousands)

Investment in:
<S>                                                        <C>                  <C>
     KLA                                                   $ 136,749            $  99,376
     KC                                                       86,066               87,240
     KII                                                     416,006              391,327
                                                           ---------            ---------

                                                           $ 638,821            $ 577,943
                                                           =========            =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

                                                         2003                2004              2005
                                                         ----                ----              ----

Equity in income from continuing operations
  of subsidiaries:
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>               <C>
   KLA                                                $    6,086         $   12,969        $   19,664
   KC                                                      2,192             (2,302)            1,481
   KII                                                    83,773            326,255            56,292
                                                      ----------         ----------        ----------

                                                      $   92,051         $  336,922        $   77,437
                                                      ==========         ==========        ==========
</TABLE>

Note 4 - Contingencies:

     See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



                     KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>

                                                                Additions
                                               Balance at       charged to                                                 Balance
                                                beginning       costs and          Net         Currency                    at end
            Description                          of year         expenses       deductions    translation      Other       of year
---------------------------------------       -----------       ----------      ----------    -----------      ------     ---------

 Year ended December 31, 2003:
<S>                                              <C>             <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>
   Allowance for doubtful accounts               $ 2,605         $   367         $  (439)       $   387        $   -       $ 2,920
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
   Allowance for slow moving inventory           $ 7,716         $   187         $  -           $    56        $   -       $ 7,959
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
   Accrual for planned major
     maintenance activities                      $ 3,986         $ 5,337         $(3,896)       $   900        $   -       $ 6,327
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======

 Year ended December 31, 2004:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts               $ 2,920         $  (125)        $  (577)       $   159        $   -       $ 2,377
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
   Allowance for slow moving inventory           $ 7,959         $   433         $  (167)       $   764        $   -       $ 8,989
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
   Accrual for planned major
     maintenance activities                      $ 6,327         $ 6,602         $(8,001)       $   425        $   -       $ 5,353
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======

 Year ended December 31, 2005:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts               $ 2,377        $   689          $  (897)        $  (204)      $   -       $ 1,965
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
   Allowance for slow moving inventory           $ 8,989        $   174          $   (29)        $  (854)      $   -       $ 8,280
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
   Accrual for planned major
     maintenance activities                      $ 5,353        $ 9,385          $(9,333)        $  (448)      $   -       $ 4,957
                                                 =======         =======         =======        =======        ======      =======
</TABLE>


Note -    Certain  information has been omitted from this Schedule  because it
          is disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>

