<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f10k_31dec2006simtek.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
                        ---------------------------------

[X]     Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
        Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006

[ ]     Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
        Exchange Act of 1934.

                         Commission file number 0-19027

                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                -------------------------------------------------

         Delaware                                      84-1057605
(State or other jurisdiction                (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
of incorporation or organization)

                        4250 Buckingham Drive, Suite 100,
                        Colorado Springs, Colorado 80907
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

                                  (719)531-9444
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
            Common Stock $.0001 Par Value The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
            ---------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
                                      Same

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in rule 405 of Securities Act. Yes      No  X
                                              ----    ----

ndicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes     No  X
                                                         ----   ----

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes  X    No
                     ----      ----

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):

Large Accelerated Filer      Accelerated Filer        Non-accelerated Filer  X
                       ----                    ----                         ----

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)   Yes      No  X
                                      ----    ----

Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2006, based upon the closing
price of the common stock as reported by the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board on
such date was approximately $34,403,258. The total number of shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2007 was 16,227,996 and 16,226,996,
respectively.
<PAGE>

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Certain information required by Part III of this report (Items 10, 11, 12,
13 and 14) is incorporated by reference from the registrant's proxy statement to
be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with respect to the registrant's 2007 annual
meeting of stockholders.










































                                       2
<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


PART I

Item 1:       Business.......................................................  4
Item 1A:      Risk Factors................................................... 17
Item 1B:      Unresolved Staff Comments...................................... 23
Item 2:       Properties..................................................... 23
Item 3:       Legal Proceedings.............................................. 23
Item 4:       Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders............ 23

PART II

Item 5:       Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
                Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities............ 24
Item 6:       Selected Financial Data........................................ 26
Item 7:       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                Condition and Results of Operation........................... 27
Item 7A:      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk..... 41
Item 8:       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................... 43
Item 9:       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                Accounting and Financial Disclosure.......................... 72
Item 9A:      Controls and Procedures........................................ 72
Item 9A(T):   Controls and Procedures........................................ 72
Item 9B:      Other Information.............................................. 72

PART III

Item 10:      Directors,Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.......... 73
Item 11:      Executive Compensation......................................... 73
Item 12:      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
                and Management and Related Stockholder Matters............... 73
Item 13:      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
                and Director Independence.................................... 73
Item 14:      Principal Accounting Fees and Services......................... 73

PART IV

Item 15:      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules........................ 74
              Signatures..................................................... 78















                                       3
<PAGE>


     This annual report on Form 10-K contains statements which constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Discussion containing
such forward-looking statements may be found in the material set forth below and
under "Business," as well as within the annual report generally. In addition,
when used in this annual report, the words "believes," "anticipates," "expects,"
"plans," "intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements and statements of
expectations, plans and intent are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors discussed under
"Risk Factors" under Item 1A below. Actual results in the future could differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, as a result,
among other things, of changes in technology, customer requirements and needs,
our ability to access capital markets, wafer supplies and pricing, among other
factors. We undertake no obligation to release publicly the results of any
revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect any
future events or circumstances.


                                     PART I

Item 1: Business
----------------

General

     Simtek Corporation ("Simtek" or the "Company") designs and markets
high-speed, re-programmable, nonvolatile semiconductor memory products, for use
in a variety of systems including RAID servers, industrial automation, GPS
navigational systems, robotics, medical instrumentation, and networking and
telecommunications equipment. We are a "fabless" semiconductor company, and thus
we subcontract the majority of our manufacturing requirements. We minimize our
capital requirements by subcontracting the majority of the manufacturing process
to third parties. We have designed and developed nonvolatile static random
access memory or "nvSRAM" products since we began business operations in May
1987. Our product families include 16, 64, 256-kilobit and 1-megabit nvSRAM
products. Kilobits are a measure of the amount of data that can be stored; more
kilobits imply more storage. One kilobit is generally interpreted to mean 1,000
bits. Megabits are also a measure of the amount of data that can be stored;
there are 1,000 kilobits in one megabit.

     On December 30, 2005, we acquired from Zentrum Mikroelektronik Dresden AG
("ZMD") certain assets related to ZMD's nvSRAM product line (the "ZMD Asset
Acquisition"). On that same date and in connection with the ZMD Asset
Acquisition, which is described in more detail below, we entered into a number
of agreements including a License Agreement (the "New License Agreement") with
ZMD. Pursuant to the New License Agreement, ZMD assigned its rights in certain
patents devoted to nvSRAM to us and we licensed to ZMD the right to use our
silicon-oxide-nitride-oxide-silicon (SONOS)-based nvSRAM technology for embedded
functions in ZMD's non-competing mixed signal and analog Application Specific
Integrated Circuit (ASIC), System on Chip (SoC) and Application Specific
Standard Product (ASSP) devices. The licenses granted pursuant to the New
License Agreement are perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free and unlimited. No
fees or payments are due to either party under the New License Agreement. The
New License Agreement shall remain in effect on a country-by-country basis until



                                       4
<PAGE>


all patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary and legal rights subject
thereto have expired or ended, unless terminated earlier by either party
following a breach by the other party that remains uncured after 30 days'
written notice.

     On the same date, we executed a Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
Agreement with ZMD whereby, for a period of five years from the closing, ZMD is
prohibited from competing with certain of our products and from hiring our
employees in certain situations. The parties also executed a Registration Rights
Agreement whereby we agreed to register under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), for resale, subject to certain limitations, the
shares issued to ZMD pursuant to the ZMD Asset Acquisition. For over ten years
prior to this transaction, we were party to various product license arrangements
and cooperation agreements with ZMD. The December 30, 2005 agreements replaced
all of those previous agreements.

     In January 2006, we formed Simtek GMBH in Dresden, Germany, as a
wholly-owned subsidiary. As of December 31, 2006, Simtek GMBH had 12 employees,
including 6 engineers, a sales manager, 2 customer service employees, and 3
administrative employees. This subsidiary serves as our sales, marketing, and
technical support center for European customers. The engineers in Dresden work
as an integral part of our company-wide design engineering team.

     In January 2006, we began purchasing finished nvSRAM products from ZMD, to
service former ZMD customers until such time that those customers are able to
qualify Simtek parts. We are in the final phase of converting these customers
who previously used ZMD parts exclusively to our legacy nvSRAM products we
produce on silicon received from Chartered. We anticipate this conversion to be
complete in the first half of 2007.

     In May of 2005, we entered into a Production and Development Agreement with
Cypress to cooperate in developing a semiconductor process module that combines
our nonvolatile technology with Cypress' advanced 0.13-micron complementary
metal-oxide semiconductor, or CMOS, fabrication line. The module incorporates
SONOS technology, which is used to manufacture both high-density SONOS flash and
SONOS nvSRAM products, for stand alone and embedded products. During 2005 and
2006, our research and development team along with Cypress' research and
development team worked aggressively on the co-development program.

     On March 24, 2006, we entered into a License and Development Agreement with
Cypress pursuant to which, among other things, Cypress agreed to license certain
intellectual property from us to develop and manufacture standard, custom and
embedded nvSRAM products in exchange for paying us $4,000,000 in non-refundable
pre-paid royalties, of which $2 million was paid upon signing of the agreement,
$1 million was paid on June 30, 2006 and $1 million was paid on December 18,
2006. In addition, we licensed rights to use certain intellectual property from
Cypress for use in our products. As part of the License and Development
Agreement, we agreed to issue Cypress warrants to purchase 2 million shares of
our common stock for $7.50 per share. The warrants have a ten year life. The
warrants were issued upon receipt of each of the prepaid royalty amounts. The
value of the warrants issued of $1,930,000 has been recorded as an increase in
additional paid in capital. The net balance of the non-refundable prepaid
royalties of $2,070,000 was recognized as royalty revenue at the time the
payments were received.




                                       5
<PAGE>


     On October 5, 2006, Simtek completed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split of all
of its common shares. All share and per share amounts throughout this annual
report have been restated to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split as if
it had occurred as of the balance sheet date or as of the beginning of each
fiscal period presented. In addition, on October 5, 2006, Simtek converted from
a Colorado corporation to a Delaware corporation. This reincorporation had no
effect on the consolidated financial statements.

     As of December 31, 2006, our backlog for released purchase orders was
approximately $8,100,000, all of which is expected to ship by June 30, 2007.
Comparatively, our backlog for released purchase orders was approximately
$2,559,000 as of December 31, 2005. Orders are generally cancelable without
penalty at the option of the purchaser prior to 30 days before scheduled
shipment and, therefore, are not necessarily a measure of future product
revenue.

     Amkor Technology ("Amkor"), located in the Philippines, provides assembly
services and final test services for our highest volume products. Advanced
Semiconductor Engineering Inc., located in Taiwan, provides assembly services
for specific legacy products. Amkor also provides final test services for our
highest volume products. Integra Technologies, located in Kansas, provides wafer
testing and final test services for our remaining nvSRAM products.

     In 2005 we determined that Q-DOT, our wholly owned subsidiary that
specialized in advanced technology research and development for data
acquisition, signal processing, imaging and data communications, no longer fit
with our core non-volatile memory business. We had acquired Q-DOT in March 2001
in an effort to enter the high speed data communications market, addressing both
wired and wireless applications, based on advanced "silicon germanium" process
technology. On August 30, 2005, we, along with Q-DOT, entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement with Hittite Microwave Corporation ("Hittite") and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Hittite, HMC Acquisition Corporation ("HMC
Acquisition"), whereby substantially all of the assets of Q-DOT were sold to HMC
Acquisition in exchange for a cash payment of approximately $2.2 million. The
Company realized a net gain of approximately $1,687,000. In addition, Hittite
assumed certain future obligations of Q-DOT, including obligations related to
Q-DOT's real estate lease and certain software license agreements. Incident to
the Asset Purchase Agreement, the parties also entered an Escrow Agreement,
whereby $200,000 of the purchase price was placed in escrow for one year to
secure certain indemnification obligations of Simtek and Q-DOT. In addition, the
parties entered into a Confidentiality, Non-Disclosure and Restrictive Covenant
Agreement, whereby, among other things, Simtek agreed not to compete against
Hittite and HMC Acquisition for a period of four years with respect to certain
businesses relating to Q-DOT's operations. On September 1, 2006, we received the
$200,000 that was placed in the escrow account.

     During 2004, we transferred the production of our 0.8-micron family of
nvSRAM products from Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Plc. of Singapore, or
("Chartered"), facility #1 to Chartered's facility #2. We qualified our
0.8-micron family of nvSRAM products built from wafers received from Chartered's
facility #2 for sales into commercial, industrial and military markets during
late 2004 and early 2005. We refer to these products as our legacy products. In
September 2005, we qualified our 1-megabit nvSRAM products built on 0.25-micron
silicon wafers we receive from Dongbu Electronics USA Inc., formerly DongbuAnam



                                       6
<PAGE>


Semiconductor Inc., or ("Dongbu"). We have expanded our product family of nvSRAM
products built on silicon wafers received from Dongbu to include a 1-megabit
nvSRAM with real time clock, a 256-kilobit nvSRAM and a 256-kilobit nvSRAM with
real time clock. These devices with real time clock were given full production
qualification status in late 2006. We refer to the product family built on
silicon wafers we receive from Dongbu as 0.25-micron products. Our nvSRAM
products are physically smaller and require less maintenance than static random
access memory devices that achieve nonvolatility through the use of internal
batteries and are more convenient to use than static random access memory
devices that achieve nonvolatility by being combined with additional chips.

     During 2006, all of the wafers used to produce our 0.8-micron nvSRAM's were
purchased from Chartered. Sales of these products accounted for approximately
66% of our product revenue for 2006. Wafers were purchased from Dongbu in 2006
to support our 0.25-micron products. Sales of these products accounted for
approximately 13% of our product revenue for 2006. Finished units were purchased
from ZMD in 2006 to support our customers using products previously purchased
from ZMD; sales of these products accounted for approximately 20% of our product
revenue in 2006. The remaining product revenue for 2006 came from miscellaneous
products.


     Memory Industry and Product Background

     The semiconductor memory market is large and highly differentiated. This
market covers a wide range of product densities, speeds, features and prices. We
believe that the ideal integrated memory product would have:

     o    high bit density per chip to minimize the number of chips required in
          a system;

     o    fast data read and write speeds to allow a system's microprocessor to
          access data without having to wait;

     o    the ability to read and modify data an unlimited number of times;

     o    low power consumption;

     o    the ability to retain its data indefinitely when power is interrupted
          (i.e. nonvolatility)

     o    availability in a variety of package types for modern assembly
          techniques; and

     o    the ability to be tested completely by the manufacturer to ensure the
          highest quality and reliability.

     The memory market is segmented with different products combining different
mixes of these attributes.

     Semiconductor memories can be divided into two main categories, volatile
and nonvolatile. Volatile memories generally offer high densities and fast data
access and programming speeds, but lose data when electrical power is
interrupted. Nonvolatile memories retain data in the absence of electrical
power, but typically have been subject to speed and testing limitations. They
also wear out if they are modified too many times. There are a number of common
volatile and nonvolatile product types, as set forth below. The list of products
under "Combinations" is limited to single packages and does not include



                                       7
<PAGE>


combinations of the listed memories in separate packages, such as static random
access memories in combination with Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only
Memories and Erasable Programmable Read Only Memories.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

             Volatile                               Nonvolatile                           Combinations
             --------                               -----------                           ------------
<S>                                      <C>                                    <C>
Static Random Access Memories (SRAM)     Electrically Erasable Programmable     Nonvolatile Static Random Access
                                         Read Only Memory (EEPROM)              Memory (nvSRAM)
Dynamic Random Access Memory             Flash Memory (FLASH)                   Nonvolatile Random Access Memory
(DRAM)                                                                          (nvRAM)
                                         Erasable Programmable Read Only        Static Random Access Memory plus
                                         Memory (EPROM)                         lithium battery (BatRAM)
                                         Programmable Read Only Memory (PROM)
                                         Read Only Memory (ROM)
</TABLE>


     Volatile Memories. Rewritable semiconductor memories store varying amounts
of electronic charge within individual memory cells to perform the memory
function. In a Dynamic Random Access Memory the charge must be electrically
refreshed many times per second or data are lost even when power is continuously
applied. In a static random access memory the charge need not be refreshed, but
data can be retained only if power is not interrupted.

     Nonvolatile Memories. A Read Only Memory is programmed, or written, once in
the later stages of the manufacturing process and cannot be reprogrammed by the
user. Programmable Read Only Memory can be programmed once by the user, while
Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory may be reprogrammed by the user a limited
number of times if the Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory is removed from
the circuit board in the equipment. Both Flash Memory and Electrically Erasable
Programmable Read Only Memory may be reprogrammed electrically by the user
without removing the memory from the equipment. However, the reprogramming time
on both Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory and Flash Memory is
excessively long compared to the read time such that in most systems the
microprocessor must stop for a relatively long time to rewrite the memory.

     Combinations. Many customers use a combination of volatile and nonvolatile
memory functions to achieve the desired performance for their electronic
systems. By using static random access memories in combination with Erasable
Programmable Read Only Memory, Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only
Memory, or Flash Memory chips, customers can achieve nonvolatility in their
systems and still retain the high data read and write speeds associated with
static random access memory. This approach, however, is not desirable in many
applications because of the size and cost disadvantages associated with using
two or more chips to provide a single memory function. Also, it may take up to
several seconds to transfer the data from the static random access memory to the
Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory or Flash Memory; an
excessive time under power loss conditions. As a result, attempts have been made
to combine nonvolatile and volatile memory features in a single package or
silicon chip. One approach combines a static random access memory with lithium
batteries in a single package, which is called battery-backed SRAM, or BatRAM.





                                       8
<PAGE>


     Our Memory Technologies

     Nonvolatile random access memories combine volatile and nonvolatile memory
cells on a single chip and do not require a battery. We believe our nvSRAM
products represent a significant advance over existing products that combine
volatility and nonvolatility on a single silicon chip. We combine a static
random access memory cell with an Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only
Memory cell to create a small nvSRAM cell. Our unique and patented memory cell
design enables the nvSRAM product to be produced at high densities and a low
cost per bit. In addition to high density and nonvolatility, the nvSRAM product
has fast data access and program speeds and the static random access memory
portion of the memory can be modified an unlimited number of times without
wearing out.

     We use an advanced implementation of SONOS technology. SONOS technology
stores electrical charge within an insulator, silicon nitride, and uses a thin
tunnel oxide layer to separate the silicon nitride layer from the underlying
silicon substrate. Silicon-nitride-oxide-semiconductor technology prevents
tunnel oxide rupture in the memory cell from causing an immediate loss of data.
Oxide rupture has been a major cause of failures in Flash and Electrically
Erasable Programmable Read Only Memories using floating gate technology, where
charge is stored on a polysilicon conductor surrounded by insulators. To protect
against these failures, many floating gate Electrically Erasable Programmable
Read Only Memories have required error correction circuitry and redundant memory
cells. This increases product cost by requiring more silicon area. Error
correction and redundancy are not required for our products to protect against
tunnel oxide rupture. In addition, our product designs incorporate a special
test feature that can predict data retention time for every individual memory
cell based on measuring the rate of charge loss out of the silicon nitride. Our
latest 0.25-micron technology adds an additional oxide layer, forming a
silicon-oxide-nitride-oxide-semiconductor stack, to support finer geometry
electrical performance.

     The silicon-oxide-nitride-oxide-semiconductor technology coupled with our
patented nvSRAM cell allows high performance nvSRAM's to be manufactured using
complementary metal oxide semiconductor technology. The
Silicon-oxide-nitride-oxide-semiconductor technology that we use has proven to
be highly reliable, as demonstrated by our product qualification results to
date.

     Nonvolatile Static Random Access Memories. Our nvSRAM product family
consists of nonvolatile memories that combine fast static random access memory
and nonvolatile elements within each memory cell on a single chip of silicon.
The static random access memory portion of the nvSRAM product is operated in the
same manner as most standard static random access memory products. The static
random access memory can be written to and read from an unlimited number of
times. The nonvolatile elements can be programmed, depending upon device type,
by user control or automatically by transferring the static random access memory
contents into the nonvolatile memory. The data stored in the nonvolatile memory
can be transferred back into the static random access memory by user control or
the data can be transferred automatically.

     Our current nvSRAM products have fast data access speeds of 25, 35 and 45
nanoseconds. These data access speeds correspond to those of fast static random



                                       9
<PAGE>


access memory and, we believe, meet the requirements of much of the fast static
random access memory market. The high-speed characteristics of our nvSRAM
products allow them to be used in applications with various high performance
microprocessors and digital signal processors such as those manufactured by
Intel Corp., Texas Instruments and Freescale. Our nvSRAM products can be used to
replace static random access memories with lithium batteries and multiple chip
solutions such as static random access memory plus Electrically Erasable
Programmable Read Only Memory or Flash Memory.

     The various combinations of density and speed allow our nvSRAM products to
meet the design and performance requirements of many different types of systems.

     Our newer nvSRAM products, currently implemented in our 0.25-micron product
family, includes versions that contain a Real Time Clock (RTC) function. The RTC
function (with Watchdog timer) is a commonly needed function in many embedded
systems that need nvSRAM.

     We finalized commercial and industrial qualification of two versions of our
initial 64-kilobit nvSRAM product offering in September 1991 and April 1992,
respectively. We completed military qualification of our initial nvSRAM's in May
1992. We began sales into the commercial market of our initial 16-kilobit nvSRAM
product family in 1992. We completed the development and product qualification
of the 64-kilobit AutoStoreTM nvSRAM in 1993. The AutoStoreTM version
automatically detects power loss and transfers the data from the static random
access memory cells into the Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory
cells. This device does not require instructions or intervention from the system
microprocessor to notify it of the power loss. Commercial and industrial
qualification of our 256-kilobit nvSRAM occurred in 1997 and military
qualification of our 256-kilobit nvSRAM was completed in the second quarter of
1998. In 2002, we qualified our 3-volt 256-kilobit nvSRAM for use in commercial
and industrial applications. During 2003, we designed and began sampling our
1-megabit nvSRAM product for sale into commercial and industrial markets.
Qualification of our 1-megabit nvSRAM product occurred in September 2005. We
qualified our 0.8-micron family of nvSRAM products built from wafers received
from Chartered's facility #2 for sales into commercial, industrial and military
markets during late 2004 and early 2005. Our 256-kilobit nvSRAM with RTC
function and 1-megabit nvSRAM with RTC function were moved into limited
production in early 2006, and reached full production qualification in late
2006.

Product Warranties

     We presently provide a one-year limited warranty on our products.

Research and Development

     Our research and development activities are centered on developing new
nvSRAM-based products. We also continually work to improve yields and reduce
costs on all of our qualified products. In order to reduce costs, since late
1997 we have used outside experts for testing our products. In addition, we have
a test floor which is used for evaluation of our technologies, product design
and product quality.





                                       10
<PAGE>


     In October 2001, we entered into an agreement with Dongbu to develop a
semiconductor process module that combines our nonvolatile technology with
Dongbu's advanced 0.25-micron complementary metal-oxide semiconductor, or CMOS,
fabrication line. The module incorporates SONOS technology, which is used to
manufacture both high-density SONOS flash and SONOS nvSRAM's, for stand alone
and embedded products. During 2002 and 2003, our research and development team
along with Dongbu's research and development team worked on the co-development
program. Our 1-megabit 3-volt nvSRAM was the primary development vehicle. In
August 2003, we received the first complete processed silicon from this
development, which yielded working samples of our new 1-megabit 3-volt
nonvolatile semiconductor memory product. We began shipping samples of our new
1-megabit 3-volt nonvolatile semiconductor memory product in September 2003. In
September 2005, we completed the full qualification of our 1-megabit 3-volt
nonvolatile semiconductor memory product for use in the commercial and
industrial market.

     As described earlier, in May 2005 and March 2006 we entered into two
strategic agreements with Cypress. Our flagship 4-megabit 3-volt nvSRAM is the
primary development vehicle with engineering teams from both our Company and
Cypress sharing the design, development, debug, and other R&D related
activities. This device is planned to be available for customer sampling in
2007.

     In May of 2006, we began an effort to identify potentially large markets
currently unserved by our nonvolatile memory technology. This effort identified
that the emerging Solid State Drive (SSD) application when implemented with
Multi Level Cell (MLC) Nand Flash Devices would benefit from the use of our
technology. In 2007, we expect to begin planning to develop products that may
serve the SSD application. This effort will lead to research and development
expenditures that are in addition to our traditional expenditures.

     Our research and development expenditures for the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004 were $5,855,000, $6,369,000 and $4,942,000, respectively. We
expect expenditures for research and development to increase over the next few
years, as we expand our products to include 4 megabit and greater memory
densities as well as new applications for our non-volatile memory technology.























                                       11
<PAGE>


Manufacturing and Quality Control

     Our manufacturing strategy is to use subcontractors whose production
capabilities meet the requirements of our product designs and technologies.
Since 1993, Chartered has provided us with silicon wafers for our legacy
products. Dongbu provides silicon wafers for our 0.25-micron process to support
our 1-megabit and RTC product families. Beginning in 2007 Cypress will produce
wafers on their 0.13-micron process for our 4-megabit family of products. They
will manufacture in their plant in Minnesota and may, as need arises, use other
Asian fabs to which they have subcontracted the know-how to produce wafers
employing the same process.

     Device packaging of our nvSRAM products continues at Amkor in the
Philippines, and Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc. in Taiwan. Final test
for our nvSRAM products continues with Integra Technologies, formerly Amkor Test
Services, in Wichita, Kansas. In 2006, we began wafer testing at Integra
Technologies and final testing of our high volume legacy products at Amkor in
the Philippines.

     Our subcontractors provide quality control for the manufacture of our
products. We maintain our own quality assurance personnel and testing capability
to assist the subcontractors with their quality programs, and to perform
periodic audits of the subcontractors' facilities and finished products to
ensure product integrity.

     We renewed our certification to the ISO9001:2000 Quality Management System
for our internal operations in Colorado Springs, and successfully completed
certification of our operations in Dresden. Our major subcontractors also
support ISO9000-2000 and ISO-14001 Environmental Control certifications. We
continue to support our Mil-Prf-38535 Appendix A quality system in support of
our Standard Microcircuit Drawing (SMD) and military grade products.

     Our quality and reliability programs were audited by several major
commercial customers as part of routine supplier certification procedures. All
such audits were completed satisfactorily. We have established Restriction of
Hazardous Substances (RoHS) compliance for our entire product line.

Markets and Marketing

     Our memory products are targeted at fast nvRAM markets, static random
access memory plus Electrically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory markets
and other nonvolatile memory products broadly used in commercial, industrial and
military electronic systems.

     Our products are typically used to store critical data when power is
removed from the system. Often this data must be captured very quickly and we
believe that the fast write time of our nvSRAM products is a significant benefit
over other nonvolatile memory alternatives. Our products are used in systems
that are "write intensive" such as data collection, event recording and others
where we believe that the unlimited write endurance of our nvSRAM is superior to
alternative nonvolatile memory solutions.





                                       12
<PAGE>


     We anticipate increasing revenue due to three major factors. First, the
revenue contribution of 1-megabit nvSRAM products is increasing as Simtek enters
2007. Second, our overall corporate average selling prices are expected to
increase, as customers migrate from lower density products to higher priced,
higher density 1-megabit nvSRAMs and nvSRAMs that include RTC functions. Third,
we are seeing increased volume of our legacy products, as targeted end
applications continue to experience additional nvSRAM product adoption and end
market growth.

     For our marketing activities, we evaluate external marketing surveys and
forecasts and perform internal studies based, in part, on inputs from our
independent sales representative agencies. Marketing decisions are also based on
forecasts and inputs from our current and prospective customers. We prepare
brochures, data sheets, application notes, product collateral and product
advertising with our internal marketing resources and contracted outside
services. Much of this information can be found on the Simtek website at
www.simtek.com.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Some Application Areas for Simtek Products

<S>                                                     <C>
Airborne Computers                                      Mass Storage Systems
Automated Parking Systems                               Medical Instruments
Automated Test Equipment                                Motor Controllers
Automated Teller Machines                               Multi- Function Printers
Automotive Control & Monitoring Systems                 POS Terminals
Broadcast Equipment                                     Postal Systems
Cable TV and Satellite Set Top Converter Boxes          Power Grid Management Systems
Copiers                                                 Printers
Currency Changers                                       Process Control Equipment
Data Monitoring and Recording Equipment                 Radar and Sonar Systems
Down Hole Drilling Systems                              RAID Controllers
Facsimile Machines                                      Robotics
Factory Automation Systems                              Routers
Fluid Flow Meters                                       Security Systems
Gaming Machines                                         Servers
GPS Navigational Systems                                Studio Recording Equipment
Guidance and Targeting Systems                          Telecommunications Systems
High Performance Workstations                           Train Control Systems
Irrigation Systems Controllers                          Utility Meters
Laser Printers                                          Weapon Control Systems
LCD Projectors
Lighting Control Systems
</TABLE>

     Our 1-megabit nvSRAM is opening new applications into which our products
are being designed. These include designs into an entirely new generation of
integrated Redundant Array of Independent Disks or "RAID" controllers, other
large storage systems, power metering, tele-communications, and
data-communications. For 2007 our marketing focus will be to better understand
and penetrate current markets for Simtek including direct-attached-storage RAID
systems and certain industrial application areas; to expand our presence into



                                       13
<PAGE>


markets that are relatively new to Simtek such as external RAID arrays and mass
storage subsystems; and further penetrating emerging communications, automotive,
and other industrial applications.

Sales and Distribution

     Our strategy is to generate sales through the use of independent
manufacturer's sales representative companies and distributors supported by
Simtek sales and technical personnel. We believe this strategy provides the
fastest and most cost effective way to assemble a large and professional sales
force.

     We currently have five sales offices outside of Company headquarters. They
are located in California, Georgia, and Maine to serve the North American
markets; Germany to serve European markets; Japan to serve the Asian and Pacific
Rim markets. We have engaged approximately 18 sales independent representative
organizations and approximately 13 distributor organizations with sales offices
worldwide. These organizations have multiple sales offices and technical sales
personnel covering specific geographic territories. Through these organizations
and their sales offices we believe that we are capable of serving a significant
portion of the worldwide market for our products with our full line of products.

     Independent sales representatives typically sell a limited number of
non-competing products to semiconductor users in particular assigned geographic
territories. Distributors maintain inventory and sell products from a larger
number of product lines to a broader customer base. These sales channels are
generally complementary, as representatives and distributors often work together
to consummate a sale, with the representative receiving a commission from us and
the distributor earning a markup on the sale of products. We supply sales
support and materials to the sales representatives and distributors.

Customers and Backlog

     We have shipped qualified nvSRAM products to customers directly and through
distributors since our initial commercial product qualification in September
1991. The majority of our sales are to Fortune 500 companies. Sales by
geographic area, based on customer receiving locations, for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 were as follows (as a percentage of sales):

                                        2006              2005             2004
                                        ----              ----             ----

     United States                       27%               26%              29%
     Europe                              25%               18%              11%
     Far East:
         China                           15%                5%               0%
         Japan                            5%               11%              12%
         Singapore                        9%               15%              11%
         Taiwan                           3%               11%              17%
         Thailand                         5%                2%               6%
         Far East Other                   2%                2%               2%
     Other                                9%               10%              12%
                                        ----              ----             ----
     Total                              100%              100%             100%


                                       14
<PAGE>


Competition

     Our products compete on the basis of several factors, including data access
speeds, programming speeds, density, data retention, reliability, programming
endurance, space savings, manufacturability, ease of use and price.

     Simtek's products fall into a memory category commonly referred to as nvRAM
(nonvolatile Random Access Memory). nvRAM products that compete with our family
of nvSRAM products fall into two categories.

     The first category of products that compete with our nvSRAM products is
products that combine static random access memories, power management devices
with lithium batteries in specially adapted packages. These products generally
are slower in access speeds than our nvSRAM products due in part to limitations
caused by the life of the lithium battery when coupled with a faster static
random access memory. Our nvSRAM products are offered in standard, smaller, less
expensive packages, and do not have the limitation on lifetime imposed on the
static random access memory/battery solutions by the lithium battery. Our nvSRAM
products eliminate common problems associated with batteries such as corrosion,
premature wear-out, shelf-life maintenance, inventory management and leaded
content. Our nvSRAM's can also be used for wave soldered automatic insertion
circuit board assembly since they do not have the temperature limitations of
lithium batteries. However, lithium battery-backed static random access memory
products are available in densities of 16-megabit and greater per package.
Companies currently supplying products with lithium batteries include Maxim, ST
Microelectronics and Texas Instruments.

     The second category consists of ferroelectric random access memory or
commonly referred to as FRAM. FRAM memories use a capacitor with a ferroelectric
dielectric as a storage element and a specialized transistor as a selection
element. The use of ferroelectric materials for nvRAM has been researched for
more than three decades but only few companies have been able to commercialize
the technology. The major reason appears to be the very challenging
manufacturing process. Typically capacities of FRAM are small. FRAM is
considered a solution in applications that require low densities and low power
where it has a competitive advantage over our nvSRAMs. FRAM's major disadvantage
is limited memory endurance due to the destructive nature of the read out cycle.
The major sources for FRAM stand alone memory components are Ramtron, OKI and
Fujitsu. While other companies such as Texas Instruments have licensed the FRAM
technology from Ramtron, it is expected that Texas Instruments will embed the
FRAM memory into a more complex ASSP.













                                       15
<PAGE>


     Based on market research data from Web Feet Research, we estimate the
Simtek nvSRAM market share to be approximately 7% of the total nvRAM market.
However, with increasing revenues, this market share is expected to increase in
2007.

      We are aware of other semiconductor technologies for nonvolatile memory
products. Each of these requires a newly developed process technology, which has
processing risk, but may deliver performance characteristics superior to our
technology if perfected. Each of these processes integrates materials into the
silicon processing steps that are not commonly used for semiconductor memory
products today. If successful, these products could perform the same functions
in a system that our products currently perform, but may be manufactured in
higher density or lower cost products. Freescale is believed to be developing
such magnetic film products.

Patents and Intellectual Property

     We undertake to protect our products and technologies under the applicable
intellectual property laws as well as by utilizing internal safeguards.

     We believe that patents are significant in our industry, and we are seeking
to build a patent portfolio. We expect that we may enter into patent license and
cross-license agreements with other companies. We own 15 patents in the United
States, some of which are directed toward our nvSRAM cell. These patents have
terms that expire from 2006 to 2018. We also own 12 patent applications that
have been filed and are pending in the United States Patent and Trademark
Office. These patent applications are directed mainly toward our nvSRAM
products. We are looking to confirm an exclusive position for nvSRAM circuits
that have lower power consumption and that store data faster than competitive
products, which management believes will give us a competitive advantage.

     We also own one German Patent and applications for patents in Germany and
in the European Patent office. In addition, we own an application for patent
under the Patent Cooperation Treaty seeking protection in key industrialized
countries. Our management has announced an intention to cause additional patent
applications to be filed to expand our patent portfolio. However, as with many
companies in the semiconductor industry, it may become necessary or desirable in
the future for us to obtain licenses from others relating to our products.

     We also protect aspects of our technology that relate to our semiconductor
memory products as trade secrets. Unlike patents, trade secrets must remain
confidential in order to retain protection as proprietary intellectual property.
We cannot assure you that our trade secrets will remain confidential. If we lose
trade secret protection, our business could suffer.


Employees

     As of the date of the Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2007, we had 57 full-time
employees, worldwide..





                                       16
<PAGE>


Item 1A. Risk Factors
---------------------

OUR LIMITED OPERATING CAPITAL AND OUR ABILITY TO RAISE ADDITIONAL MONEY MAY HARM
OUR ABILITY TO DEVELOP AND MARKET OUR PRODUCTS AS WELL AS SUPPORT FUTURE REVENUE
GROWTH

     To date, we have required significant capital for product development,
subcontracted production and marketing. We have funded these from the sale of
products, the sale of product and technology licenses and from royalties as well
as from the sale of our convertible debt and equity securities.

     In recent months, we have experienced significant revenue growth. In order
to support that growth, we must order more silicon wafers than we have
historically. The cash required for inventory purchases, including silicon
wafers, has been greater than the cash generated from sales. Therefore, our cash
requirements have been difficult to maintain. We may need more capital in the
future to develop new products and support higher revenue. We cannot guarantee
that we will be able to raise more capital on reasonable terms, if at all. If we
cannot, then we may not be able to purchase adequate amounts of inventory to
support revenue growth or to develop and market new products, causing our
financial position and stock price to deteriorate.

WE HAVE A HISTORY OF OPERATING LOSSES

     We began business in 1987. Through December 31, 2006, we had accumulated
losses of approximately $48.2 million. Since July 1, 2000 and through September
30, 2006, we realized net losses. While we posted a net profit for the fourth
quarter of 2006, we may experience net operating losses in the future, which
could increase our need for additional capital in the future, and hurt our stock
price.

WE MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO RE-GAIN COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN COVENANTS SET FORTH IN
OUR LOAN AGREEMENT WITH THE RENN CAPITAL GROUP; IF WE ARE UNABLE TO DO SO, THE
RENN CAPITAL GROUP COULD ACCELERATE THE $2.7 MILLION DEBENTURES AND FORECLOSE ON
THE COLLATERAL THAT WE GRANTED TO IT

     Our loan agreement with Renaissance Capital Growth and Income Fund III,
Inc., Renaissance US Growth Investment Trust PLC and US Special Opportunities
Trust PLC, or the RENN Capital Group, formerly Renaissance Capital Group, Inc.,
contains various financial covenants. As of December 31, 2006, we were not in
compliance with one of the covenants set forth in the loan agreement, which
relates to the interest coverage ratio. On February 20, 2007, we received a
waiver for the covenant through January 1, 2008. However, significant variances
in future actual operations from our current estimates could result in the
reclassification of this note to a current liability. If the note becomes due
and we cannot pay it, RENN Capital Group may foreclose on the assets that we
pledged as security for the note. This would significantly harm our business.













                                       17
<PAGE>

IF WE CANNOT RECEIVE SILICON WAFERS WE REQUIRE TO MANUFACTURE OUR PRODUCTS FROM
OUR VENDORS AT THE VOLUMES OR THE PRICES WE REQUIRE, OUR REVENUES, EARNINGS AND
STOCK PRICE COULD SUFFER

     We currently purchase the silicon wafers we require to build our
non-volatile memory products from two vendors, Chartered Semiconductor
Manufacturing Plc. of Singapore, and Dongbu in Korea. Due to the volatility of
the semiconductor market, we have limited control over the pricing and
availability of the wafers we require in order to build our products. The risk
of not receiving the products and pricing we need to achieve our revenue
objectives has escalated. If we are unable to obtain the products and pricing we
need from these vendors, our business could suffer.

THE UNCERTAINTY INVOLVED IN MANUFACTURING SEMICONDUCTORS MAY INCREASE THE COSTS
AND DECREASE THE PRODUCTION OF OUR PRODUCTS

     In order for us to be profitable, we must drive our manufacturing costs
down and secure the production of sufficient product. Semiconductor
manufacturing depends on many factors that are complex and beyond our control
and often beyond the control of our subcontractors. These factors include
contaminants in the manufacturing environment, impurities in the raw materials
used and equipment malfunctions. Under our arrangements with our subcontractors,
our subcontractors pass on to us substantially all of their costs that are
unique to the manufacture of our products. Accordingly, these factors could
increase the cost of manufacturing our products and decrease our profits. These
factors could also reduce the number of semiconductor memories that our
subcontractors are able to make in a production run. If our subcontractors
produce fewer of our products, our revenues may decline.

DELAYS IN MANUFACTURING MAY NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR REVENUE AND NET INCOME

     It takes approximately four months for our subcontractors to manufacture
our semiconductor products. Any delays in receiving silicon wafers or completed
products from our subcontractors will delay our ability to deliver our products
to customers. This would delay sales revenue and could cause our customers to
cancel existing orders or not place future orders. These delays could occur at
any time and would adversely affect our net income.

DELAYS IN OR FAILURE OF PRODUCT QUALIFICATION MAY HARM OUR BUSINESS

     Prior to selling a product, we must establish that it meets expected
performance and reliability standards. As part of this testing process, known as
product qualification, we subject representative samples of products to a
variety of tests to ensure that performance is in accordance with commercial,
industrial and military specifications, as applicable. If we are unable to
successfully accomplish product qualification for our future products, we will
be unable to sell these future products.

OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY TO INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS

     The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid changes in technology
and product obsolescence. Our success in the semiconductor industry depends in
part upon our ability to expand our existing product families and to develop and




                                       18
<PAGE>


market new products. The technology we currently use may be made obsolete by
other competing or newly developed memory or other technologies. The development
of new semiconductor designs and technologies typically requires substantial
costs for research and development. Even if we are able to develop new products,
the success of each new product depends on several factors including whether we
selected the proper product and our ability to introduce it at the right time,
whether the product is able to achieve acceptable production yields and whether
the market accepts the new product. We cannot guarantee that we will be
successful in developing new products or whether any products that we do develop
will satisfy the above factors.

THE CYCLICALITY OF THE SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY MAY PREVENT US FROM MAINTAINING A
CONSISTENT REVENUE STREAM AND MAY HARM OUR STOCK PRICE

     The semiconductor industry has historically experienced significant peaks
and valleys in sales volumes resulting in large variations of revenues and
resulting profits or losses. We do not have direct influence on the nature of
the broad semiconductor market. Variations in the revenues and profits within
the semiconductor industry may cause us to incur significant losses in the
future. If the stock prices of many semiconductor companies decrease, our stock
price may also suffer.

IF WE FAIL TO COMPLETE OUR AGREEMENT OR IF WE FAIL TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT
PRODUCTS WITH CYPRESS SEMICONDUCTOR, OUR LIQUIDITY AND REVENUES MAY SUFFER

     On May 5, 2005, we closed a production and development agreement with
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation to jointly develop an "S8" 0.13-micron
silicon-oxide-nitride-oxide-silicon (SONOS) nonvolatile memory production
process. The production and development agreement also calls for Cypress to
produce one or more Simtek products, as designated by Simtek, using the S8
process. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully develop and
bring to qualified volume production products based on the S8 process or that
Cypress will be able to develop embedded products contemplated to be developed
using Simtek's intellectual property. If the development of the S8 process is
delayed or fails, or if Cypress is unable to meet our production requirements,
we might not be able to meet potential future orders planned to be received from
our customers. This could significantly harm our revenue and future growth
potential. We also entered into an escrow agreement pursuant to which we
deposited $3 million into an escrow account in order to support and make certain
payments for the S8 process and product developments. If we fail to complete the
development and production agreement, we might forfeit our rights to the escrow
amount.

CERTAIN OF OUR REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENTS PROVIDE FOR PENALTIES IF WE FAIL
TO FOLLOW CERTAIN PROCEDURES OR MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION RELATED TO
THE SHARES PURCHASED BY SUCH INVESTORS

     The Registration Rights Agreement entered into as part of the December 30,
2005 Securities Purchase Agreement amounting to $11,000,000 contained a cash
penalty provision if certain procedures are not followed or an effective
Registration Statement is not maintained for the shares purchased by investors
in such transaction. The cash penalties are 2% of the proceeds for each month
that a breach occurs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain such
effective Registration Statement.





                                       19
<PAGE>


     The Registration Rights Agreement entered into as part of the September 21,
2006 Securities Purchase Agreement amounting to $4,555,000 contained a provision
whereby the investors therein would receive certain amounts of penalty shares if
certain procedures are not followed or an effective Registration Statement is
not maintained for the shares purchased by the investors. The penalties are 2%
of the shares purchased for each month that a breach occurs. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to maintain such effective Registration Statement.

THE INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY MAY CAUSE US TO LOSE SALES
REVENUE TO OTHER SUPPLIERS

     There is intense competition in the semiconductor industry. We experience
competition from a number of domestic and foreign companies, most of which have
significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing
resources than we have. Our competitors include major corporations with
worldwide silicon wafer fabrication facilities and circuit production facilities
and diverse, established product lines. If any of our new products achieve
market acceptance, other companies may sell competitive products at prices below
ours. This would have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating results.

THE LOSS OF KEY EMPLOYEES COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS

     Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain
qualified technical and management personnel. There are limited personnel
trained in the semiconductor industry resulting in intense competition for these
personnel. If we lose any of our key personnel, this could have a material
adverse affect on our ability to conduct our business and on our financial
results.

OUR PATENTS MAY NOT PROVIDE US EFFECTIVE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION; THIS
COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS

     We own 15 U.S. patents and one German patent. We have also applied inside
and outside the United States for patents on our technology. We are not sure
that any of the patents for which we have applied will be issued or, even if
they are issued, that they will provide us with desired protection from
competition. We may also not have the money required to maintain or enforce our
patent rights. Notwithstanding our patents, other companies may obtain patents
directed to alternate or comparable technologies.

     Portions of our intellectual property are retained as trade secrets. Unlike
patents, trade secrets must remain confidential in order to retain protection as
proprietary intellectual property. We cannot assure you that our trade secrets
will remain confidential. If we lose trade secret protection, our business could
suffer.

IF OUR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY INFRINGE ON THIRD PARTY PATENTS, OUR PRODUCT
SALES OR GROSS MARGINS MAY SUFFER

     We have not determined whether our products are free from infringement of
others' patents. If patent infringement claims are asserted against us and are
upheld, we would try to modify our products so that they are non-infringing. If
we are unable to do so, we could have to obtain a license to sell those products
or stop selling the products for which the claims are asserted. We may not be
able to obtain the required licenses. Any successful infringement claim against



                                       20
<PAGE>


us, our failure to obtain any required license or requirement for us to stop
selling any of our products, may force us to discontinue production and shipment
of these products. This could result in reduced product sales and harm our
revenues.

     In 1998, we received notice of a claim for an unspecified amount from a
foundation that owns approximately 180 patents and 70 pending applications. The
foundation claimed that some of the machines and processes used in the building
of our semiconductor devices infringe on the foundation's patents. In April
1999, we reached an agreement with the foundation for us to purchase a
nonexclusive license of the foundation's patents, based on our product offerings
and sales forecast at that time. If our products or actual sales revenue vary
significantly from the time of the agreement, we may be subject to additional
payments.

     In late 2002, we received notice of possible patent infringement from a
corporation that has acquired a portfolio of patents. We have reviewed the claim
and believe there are no potential infringements. We have received no further
notification from this corporation. While there can be no assurances, if there
are any infringements, we believe we would be able to enter into a licensing
agreement with such company without any material impact on us.

FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS MAY INCREASE OUR COSTS, LOWER OUR
REVENUES AND CAUSE LOSS OF CUSTOMERS TO OUR COMPETITORS

     We purchase materials, including silicon wafers, from outside the United
States. Sales to customers located outside of the United States for the years
ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were 73%, 74% and 71%, respectively. We
operate using United States dollars as the functional currency. Changes in
foreign currency exchange rates can reduce our revenues and increase our costs.
For example, our subcontractors may increase the prices they charge us, on a per
purchase order basis, for silicon wafers if the United States dollar weakens.
Any large exchange rate fluctuation could affect our ability to compete with
manufacturers who operate using foreign currencies. We do not try to reduce our
exposure to these exchange rate risks by using hedging transactions. Although we
have not had any material losses due to exchange rate fluctuations over the last
three years, we cannot assure you that we will not incur significant losses in
the future.

IF WE ISSUE SECURITIES AT LOW PRICES IN THE FUTURE, SOME OF OUR SECURITY HOLDERS
MAY BE ENTITLED TO ACQUIRE MORE OF OUR SECURITIES, WHICH MAY DILUTE AND HARM THE
HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK

     We may be obligated under agreements with certain of our security holders
to issue to them additional securities in exchange for little or no
consideration if we sell our securities in the future at or below certain
prices. The issuance of such securities could dilute and harm the holders of our
common stock.











                                       21
<PAGE>



BECAUSE WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE, YOUR
INVESTMENT RETURN MAY BE LIMITED

     We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to
pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to use any earnings to
finance growth. You should not expect to receive dividends on your shares of
common stock.

IF OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUTHORIZES THE ISSUANCE OF PREFERRED STOCK, HOLDERS OF
OUR COMMON STOCK COULD BE DILUTED AND HARMED

     Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 200,000 shares of
preferred stock in one or more series and to establish the preferred stock's
voting powers, preferences and other rights and qualifications without any
further vote or action by the shareholders. The issuance of preferred stock by
our board of directors could dilute and harm the rights of the holders of our
common stock. It could potentially be used to discourage attempts by others to
obtain control of us through merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise by
making such attempts more difficult to achieve or more costly. Given our present
capital requirements, it is possible that we could raise capital through the
sale of preferred stock in the future.

OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND DELAWARE LAW MAY OPERATE AS ANTI-TAKEOVER
PROTECTIONS AND THUS MAY DISCOURAGE TAKEOVER ATTEMPTS AND/OR DEPRESS THE MARKET
PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK

     We have opted to be governed, in our Delaware certificate of incorporation,
by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which provides for a
three-year moratorium on certain business combination transactions with
"interested stockholders" (generally, persons who beneficially own 15% or more
of the corporation's outstanding voting stock). Although we believe that Section
203 will encourage any potential acquirer to negotiate with our board of
directors, Section 203 also might have the effect of limiting the ability of a
potential acquirer to make a two-tiered bid for the company in which all
stockholders would not be treated equally. In addition, Section 203 gives the
board the power to reject a proposed business combination in certain
circumstances, even though a potential acquirer may be offering a substantial
premium for our common stock over the then-current market price. Section 203
would also discourage certain potential acquirers who are unwilling to comply
with its provisions.

     Because a proposed amendment to our certificate of incorporation may not be
submitted to a vote of shareholders without the approval of the board of
directors, amending or removing any provisions in our certificate of
incorporation that have anti-takeover effects requires the consent of the board
of directors, which in turn may have anti-takeover effects.

STANDARDS FOR COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 404 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 ARE
UNCERTAIN, AND IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY IN A TIMELY MANNER, OUR BUSINESS COULD BE
HARMED AND OUR STOCK PRICE WOULD DECLINE.

     Rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require annual assessment of our internal control
over financial reporting, and attestation of our assessment by our independent






                                       22
<PAGE>


auditors. This requirement may apply to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2007. The standards that must be met for
management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective
are new and complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible
remediation to meet the detailed standards. We may encounter problems or delays
in completing activities necessary to make an assessment of our internal control
over financial reporting. In addition, the attestation process by our
independent auditors is new and we may encounter problems or delays in
completing the implementation of any requested improvements or remediation and
receiving an attestation of our assessment by our independent auditors. We can
provide no assurance as to our, or our independent auditors', conclusions at
December 31, 2007, with respect to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. The above factors creates a risk that we, or our
independent auditors, will not be able to conclude at December 31, 2007 that our
internal controls over financial reporting are effective as required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we cannot assess our internal control over financial
reporting as effective, or if our independent auditors are unable to provide an
unqualified attestation report on such assessment, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information and the trading price of our
stock could drop.

Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments
----------------------------------

None.

Item 2. Properties
------------------

     We lease approximately 16,000 square feet of space in Colorado Springs,
Colorado. This space includes a product engineering test floor of approximately
3,000 square feet. The lease is scheduled to expire on February 28, 2013. In
February 2006, we entered into a lease agreement for our facility in Dresden,
Germany, we lease approximately 2,800 square feet. The lease is schedule to
expire on December 31, 2008. In March 2007, we entered into a lease agreement
for office space in Poway, California for use as an engineering design center.
That lease expires in March 2011.

We do not own any real property.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings
-------------------------

     We are not a party to any legal proceeding (including where our property is
the subject of the proceeding), and we are not aware of any proceeding that a
government authority is contemplating as of the date of this report.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
-----------------------------------------------------------

None.















                                       23
<PAGE>


                                     PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
        ------------------------------------------------------------------
        and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
        -----------------------------------------

     On January 10, 2007, our Common Stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol "SMTK." Prior to January 10, 2007, our common stock was
traded on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board under the symbol "SMTE."

     On October 5, 2006, Simtek completed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split of all
of its outstanding common shares. All share and per share amounts have been
restated to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split as if it had occurred
as of the balance sheet date or as of the beginning of each fiscal period
presented.

     Shown below are the high and low bid information for our common stock as
reported by the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board.

                                                              Common Stock
                                                              ------------
                                                       High Bid          Low Bid
                                                       --------          -------

     2005
First Quarter.....................................        9.00              5.10
Second Quarter....................................        7.50              3.40
Third Quarter.....................................        4.40              2.80
Fourth Quarter....................................        4.50              2.30

     2006
First Quarter.....................................        4.00              2.30
Second Quarter....................................        3.90              2.60
Third Quarter.....................................        6.10              2.60
Fourth Quarter....................................        6.50              5.40

     The quotations listed above reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.

     As of March 29, 2007, we had 448 shareholders of record. This number
does not reflect shareholders who beneficially own common stock held in nominee
or "street name".

     We have not paid any dividends on our common stock since inception and we
do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future.

     The following table sets forth information with respect to our equity
compensation plans as of December 31, 2006.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                      Equity Compensation Plan Information
                      ------------------------------------

                                                                                          Number of securities
                                                                                          remaining available for
                                Number of securities to be                                future issuance under
                                issued upon exercise of      Weighted-average exercise    equity compensation plans
                                outstanding options          price of outstanding         (excluding securities
Plan Category                   warrants and rights          options warrants and rights  reflected in column (a))
------------------------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
<S>                                      <C>                            <C>                         <C>
Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders
                                         1,302,593                      $5.24                       143,540
                                         ---------                      -----                       -------
Total                                    1,302,593                      $5.24                       143,540

</TABLE>



                                       24
<PAGE>



PERFORMANCE GRAPH:
------------------

     The graph below compares the percentage change in the cumulative total
return to our shareholders during the period from December 31, 2001 to December
31, 2006 with the percentage change in the cumulative total return for the S&P
SmallCap 600 index and the PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index, or SOXX. The graph
assumes the investment on December 31, 2001 of $100 in Simtek's common stock and
each of the foregoing indices, and that dividends, if any, were reinvested in
all cases, except for SOXX. The stock price performance shown on the graphs is
not necessarily indicative of future price performance.

            Cumulative Total Return Based upon Initial Investment of
              $100 on December 31, 2001 with dividends reinvested


                     [GRAPHIC OMITTED - SEE SUMMARY BELOW]

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Total Return Analysis

                              12/31/01     12/31/02     12/31/03     12/31/04     12/31/05     12/31/06
<S>                               <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Simtek Corporation                $100          $38         $286         $143         $ 69         $110
SOXX                              $100          $55         $ 97         $ 83         $ 92         $ 89
S&P SmallCap 600                  $100          $85         $116         $142         $151         $172

</TABLE>













































                                       25
<PAGE>

Item 6: Selected Financial Data
-------------------------------

     The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with,
and are qualified in their entirety by, the consolidated financial statements
and related notes thereto contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data" and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included herein.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                  2006           2005          2004          2003           2002
                                  ----           ----          ----          ----           ----

                                               (in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Revenue                        $  30,630     $   10,385    $  13,092      $  12,263      $  12,422
Gross margin                      12,606          2,794        3,952          3,735          4,844
Loss from continuing
     Operations                   (2,007)        (7,490)      (3,731)        (2,389)        (1,028)
Income (loss) from
 Discontinued operation                -          1,704           60            116             65
Net loss                       $  (2,007)    $   (5,786)   $  (3,671)     $  (2,273)          (963)
Loss per share from
     Continuing operations:
     Basic and diluted         $    (.13)    $    (1.09)   $    (.64)     $    (.41)     $    (.18)
Income per share from
     Discontinued operations:
     Basic and diluted         $     .00     $      .25    $     .01      $     .00      $     .00
Total loss per share
     Basic and diluted         $    (.13)    $     (.84)   $    (.63)     $    (.41)     $    (.18)
Working capital                   11,828          3,591        4,122          1,610          5,473
Total assets                      28,242         18,758        7,976          7,303          7,932
Total long term debt               2,220          2,760        3,000          3,000          3,000
Shareholders' equity              19,108         11,319        1,989          2,523          3,253
Cash dividends per common
     Share (1)                         -              -            -              -              -
</TABLE>

(1)  We have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock and do not
     expect to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future.



















                                       26
<PAGE>


Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        of Operations
        -------------

Overview of Recent Debt and Equity Transactions

     On March 24, 2006, we entered into a License and Development Agreement with
Cypress, whereby, among other things, we received $4,000,000 in non-refundable
prepaid royalties and we issued to Cypress 2,000,000 warrants. The warrants have
a per share exercise price of $7.50 and have a 10 year term. Please read Note 11
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the accounting
treatment for the transactions related to this agreement.

     On May 26, 2006, we issued a total of 25,000 warrants to the RENN Capital
Group funds. 20,000 of the warrants were issued in consideration for the RENN
Capital Group funds entering into a subordination agreement with Wells Fargo
which was required for us to enter into a $3,600,000 revolving credit agreement
with Wells Fargo Business Credit. The remaining 5,000 warrants were issued in
consideration for the waiver letter we received from the RENN Capital Group
funds for us being out of compliance with the covenants in the loan agreement at
March 31, 2006.

     On July 24, 2006, each of the Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III,
Inc., Renaissance Growth Investment Trust PLC and US Special Opportunities
Trust, PLC converted $100,000 of the principal amount of the 2002 7.5%
convertible debentures into 45,455 shares of our common stock in lieu of us
making the principal payment we were required to make beginning on July 1, 2006.

     On September 21, 2006, we completed a private placement in the amount of
$4,555,000, whereby, among other things, we issued 1,153,171 shares of our
common stock and 172,981 warrants to purchase common stock. The warrants have a
per share exercise price of $5.40 and a five-year term.

     On October 11, 2006 and October 20, 2006, Bluegrass Growth Fund Ltd. and
Bluegrass Growth Fund LP each exercised 25,800 warrants to purchase shares of
our common stock. On October 20, 2006, C. E. Unterberg Towbin exercised 27,000
warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. We received a total of $212,000
from these warrant exercises.

Results of Operations

     General. Simtek designs and markets high-speed, re-programmable,
nonvolatile semiconductor memory products for use in a variety of systems
including RAID servers, industrial automation, GPS navigational systems,
robotics, medical instrumentation, and networking and telecommunications
equipment. We are a fables semiconductor company, which means we outsource
substantially all manufacturing processes. We concentrate on the design and
development of our nvSRAM product families and technologies, marketing,
distribution channels, and sources of supply.




                                       27
<PAGE>


     In 2003, we received notification from Chartered that they would be closing
their silicon wafer fabrication facility #1 in March 2004 and that they would
transfer our 0.8-micron process technology to their silicon wafer fabrication
facility #2. Through late 2003 and into 2004, we worked with Chartered to
transfer the production of our 16-kilobit, 64-kilobit, 5 volt 256-kilobit and 3
volt 256-kilobit product from their facility #1 to their facility #2. During the
third and fourth quarters of 2004 and first quarter of 2005, we completed the
transfer and qualification of these products. The transfer from Chartered's
facility #1 to Chartered's facility #2 accounted for lower production yields in
2004 as compared to the production yields we achieved in 2003. During the fourth
quarter 2004, we began seeing production yields return to historic levels. Sales
of our products manufactured from the silicon wafers we received from both of
Chartered's facilities accounted for approximately 66%, 86% and 97% of our total
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and for
December 31, 2004, respectively.

     In addition to Chartered, we purchase silicon wafers from Dongbu that are
used to manufacture our 0.25 micron products including the 1 megabit and 256
kilobit devices with and without real time clock. In September 2005, we
qualified our 1-megabit products for use in the commercial and industrial
markets. Sales of our 0.25 micron products accounted for approximately 13%, 13%
and 3% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2006, December 31,
2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively.

     As discussed previously, on December 30, 2005, we closed on the acquisition
of certain assets related to ZMD's nvSRAM product line. This acquisition had no
effect on the operating results for fiscal year 2005, as there were no operating
activities related to those assets until January 2006. During 2006,
approximately 20% of our net revenue was from inventory purchased from ZMD. We
are near the finalization of converting the last of our customers from the
products produced from ZMD to Simtek products produced on silicon received from
Chartered or Dongbu.

     Review of 2006 Operations

     Total revenue for 2006 was approximately $30,600,000, consisting of
$28,560,000 of product revenue and $2,070,000 of royalty revenue. We saw a
significant increase in unit shipments and average selling prices of our
commercial and industrial products. In 2006, management focused on integrating
the nvSRAM business acquired from ZMD, setting up Simtek GmbH, our wholly-owned
subsidiary in Dresden, Germany, and increasing gross margins. Margins were
improved as a result of increased selling prices, reduced costs of our 0.25
micron products, transfer of test operations to Asia, and streamlining our
product offering.

     Review of 2005 Operations

     Total revenue for 2005 was approximately $10,385,000. We saw a decrease in
unit shipments and average selling prices of our commercial and industrial
products. In 2005, management focused on realigning customer inventory and
ordering patterns to more closely follow end user consumption patterns. This
resulted in decreased revenue in 2005. Management believes that aligning
customer unit consumption and ordering trends will ultimately allow both Simtek



                                       28
<PAGE>


and its customers to better forecast production and inventory requirements.
Revenue and unit volumes were lowest in the second quarter 2005 and showed
steady improvement in the third and fourth quarters of 2005.

     Results of Operations

     Revenues

     In 2006, total revenue was $30,630,000 which included net royalties in the
amount of $2,070,000 from Cypress. There were no royalties received in 2005 or
2004. The following table sets forth our net product revenues for semiconductor
devices by product markets for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004
(in thousands):

                                         2006           2005            2004
                                         ----           ----            ----

         Commercial                   $ 26,145       $  8,669         $ 10,314
         High-end industrial and
           Military                   $  2,415       $  1,617         $  2,778
         Logic products               $      -       $     99         $      -
                                      --------       --------         --------

         Total Revenue                $ 28,560       $ 10,385         $ 13,092


     Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2006 as compared to 2005

     Commercial revenues include revenue generated from our legacy products and
from our 0.25 micron products. Commercial revenues increased by $17,476,000 for
the year ending December 31, 2006 as compared to the same period in 2005. The
increase was due to: (i) revenue associated with former ZMD customers; (ii)
increased unit volume with our key RAID customers (iii) increased shipments for
our .25 micron 1 megabit products; and (iv) higher average selling prices of our
high volume legacy products.

     High-end industrial and military product revenue had an increase of
$798,000 for the year ending December 31, 2006 as compared to the same period in
2005. We saw an approximate 29% increase in unit shipments and an approximate
16% increase in average selling prices in this product market. The increases in
unit volume reflect our efforts to align customer inventory levels to their
actual consumption of the products.

         Four distributors and one direct customer account for approximately 49%
of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2006 as compared to 57% for the
same period in 2005. Products sold to distributors are sold without material
recourse. Distributor contracts typically allow distributors to return up to 5%
in value of product inventory in each six month period in exchange for a
replacement order of equal value. This allows them to keep inventory current to
market demand. Distributors sell our products to various end customers. If one
of these distributors were to terminate its relationship with us, we believe
that there would not be a material impact on our product sales, as other
distributors would likely take their place.





                                       29
<PAGE>


     During 2006, we saw an approximate 300% increase in unit shipments of our
0.25 micron product. We expect to see a continued increase in the revenue
received from our 0.25 micron product family.

     Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2005 as compared to 2004

     Commercial revenues include revenue generated from our legacy products and
from our 0.25 micron products. Commercial revenues decreased by $1,645,000 for
the year ending December 31, 2005 as compared to the same period in 2004. The
decrease was due to: (i) lower average selling prices of our high volume legacy
products due to competitive pricing; (ii) reduced unit volume with our key RAID
customers due to competition; and, (iii) reduced unit volume due to a concerted
effort to realign customer inventory and ordering patterns to more closely match
actual consumption. The decrease in legacy unit shipments was partially offset
by an increase in unit shipments of our 0.25 micron product family.

     High-end industrial and military product revenues had a decrease of
$1,161,000 for the year ending December 31, 2005 as compared to the same period
in 2004. We saw an approximate 47% decrease in unit shipments and an approximate
42% decrease in average selling prices. The decreases in unit volume reflect our
efforts to align customer inventory levels to their actual consumption of the
products.

     The $99,000 increase in logic revenues was due to a last time buy of one
our discontinued logic products, which were discontinued in 2003.

     Four distributors account for approximately 51% of our revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2005 as compared to 49% for the same period in 2004. Products
sold to distributors are sold without material recourse. Distributor contracts
typically allow distributors to return up to 5% in value of product inventory in
each six month period in exchange for a replacement order of equal value. This
allows them to keep inventory current to market demand. Distributors sell our
products to various end customers. If one of these distributors were to
terminate its relationship with us, we believe that there would not be a
material impact on our product sales, as other distributors would likely take
their place.

     Cost of Sales and Gross Margins for the year ended December 31, 2006 as
     compared to 2005

     We recorded cost of sales of $18,024,000 and $7,591,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005, respectively. Gross margin for 2006 was
37% compared to 27% in 2005. The approximate 10 percentage point increase in
gross margin reflects higher average selling prices for our 3 volt 256 kilobit
devices, increased unit shipments of 1 megabit devices, lower unit costs and
higher overall sales volume.

     We expect gross margins on both our legacy and 0.25 micron products to
improve during 2007. In 2006, we moved the final testing of our higher volume
products to Amkor in the Philippines, which resulted in lower costs. In 2007 we
expect to continue to transfer test operations, including wafer probe, to lower
cost facilities in Asia. In addition, we expect shipments of our 1 megabit
devices to continue to increase. These actions are expected to result in higher
gross margins for 2007.





                                       30
<PAGE>


     Cost of Sales and Gross Margins for the year ended December 31, 2005 as
     compared to 2004

     We recorded cost of sales of $7,591,000 and $9,140,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively. These costs reflect an
approximate 3% decrease in gross margin percentage points for the year ended
December 31, 2005 as compared to the same period in 2004. Actual gross margin
percentages were 27% and 30% for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. The decreases in gross margin percentages for the year ended
December 31, 2005 were due primarily to decreased average selling prices and
lower unit volume shipments of our high-end industrial and military products,
which typically carry high gross margins.

     Research and Development for the year ended December 31, 2006 as compared
     to 2005

     We believe that continued investments in new product development are
required for us to grow and remain competitive in the markets we serve. In 2006,
our research and development department continued development of the 4 megabit
product based on the 0.13 micron process with Cypress and added an engineering
team in our Dresden office. In November 2006, we qualified our 256-kilobit and
256-kilobit with real time clock built on the 0.25 micron base. In addition, we
worked to increase the yields and reduce the amount of back-end testing on our
0.25 micron 1 megabit products. We anticipate providing customers with initial
product samples of our 4 megabit product in the fourth quarter of 2007.

     Total research and development expenses were $5,855,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2006 as compared to $6,369,000 for the year ended December 31,
2005.

     The $514,000 decrease for the year was due to several items, including: (i)
charges in 2005 of $1,222,000 related to final development of our 0.25 micron
product due to abnormally low yields and high scrap due to design and process
issues with the silicon wafers; and (ii) a reduction of $598,000 in expenses
related to the 4 megabit development with Cypress due to the timing of
compensable milestones as defined in the 2005 agreement with Cypress. These
decreases were partially offset by increases in payroll and payroll overhead
costs of $776,000, product development costs of $165,000, stock compensation
expense of $160,000, equipment related costs of $128,000 and travel of $100,000.
The increase in payroll and payroll overhead costs was primarily due to the
addition of the Dresden office. The increase in equipment related costs was
primarily related to software licenses required for our Dresden office. The
increase in product development costs were primarily related to the cost
reductions made in our 0.25 micron 1 megabit product.

We expect that investment in Research and Development will continue to increase
as we complete the development of the 4 megabit product and derivative products
based on that initial design. In addition, in November 2006, we hired Mr. Ronald




                                       31
<PAGE>


Sartore, one of our directors, as Executive Vice President of Technology. Mr.
Sartore will be responsible for identifying new and innovative uses for our
patented non-volatile memory technology. The first application he has identified
is to use our technology to enable high density FLASH in such applications as
solid state drives. This will require significant engineering effort and is
expected to take at least two years to develop. We expect the development work
will be done in our new design office in San Diego, California and in our
Dresden, Germany design center.

     Research and Development for the year ended December 31, 2005 as compared
     to 2004

     In 2005, our research and development department continued to work on the
final development, testing and qualification of our 1-megabit 3-volt nvSRAM with
Dongbu. In September 2005, we qualified our 1-megabit products for use in the
commercial and industrial markets. Development of the smaller 256-kilobit and
256-kilobit with real time clock built on the 0.25-micron base continued in
2005.

     In addition, during the second half of 2005 we began development of our
next generation nvSRAM product, in conjunction with Cypress, pursuant to the
terms of the May 5, 2005 development agreement. This new product, based on
Cypress' .13-micron process will include memory density of 4-megabits.

     Total research and development expenses were $6,369,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005 as compared to $4,942,000 for the year ended December 31,
2004.

     The $1,427,000 increase for the year was primarily due to a one-time charge
of $1,222,000 related to the final development of our 0.25-micron product. The
one-time charge related to our 0.25 micron product was due to abnormally low
yields and high scrap due to design and process issues with the silicon wafers.
We have implemented a significant new revision for the silicon wafers being
produced at Dongbu and preliminary testing shows a significant improvement in
both the initial silicon wafer probe yield as well as the final assembly and
test yield. The improved yields resulted in a more cost effective product. This
charge was partially offset by decreases in payroll and payroll overhead costs
of $159,000, consulting services of $312,000, product development costs of
$293,000 and equipment related costs of $13,000 which were in turn partially
offset by increases in qualification costs of $60,000, and costs related to the
joint development with Cypress of $919,000. The $159,000 decrease in payroll and
payroll overhead costs was a direct result of reduced headcount. The $312,000
decrease in consulting services was due to a decrease in engineering work
performed by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Q-DOT, for the development of our
data-communication products. As reported elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we sold
substantially all the assets of Q-DOT in August 2005. The $293,000 decrease in
product development costs was related to wind down of development activities
related to the 0.25 micron product. As discussed above, the one-time charge
related to our 0.25 micron product was due to abnormally low yields and high
scrap due to design and process issues with the silicon wafers. The issues were
resolved and yields from the revised silicon wafers are significantly better and
result in a cost effective product. In September 2005, we achieved full
production qualification of the 1-megabit product family.







                                       32
<PAGE>


     Sales and Marketing for the year ended December 31, 2006 as compared to
     2005

     Total sales and marketing expenses were $4,679,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2006 as compared to $1,493,000 for the year ended December 31,
2005.

     The $3,186,000 increase was primarily due to $1,784,000 of amortization
expense related to the non-competition agreement entered into with ZMD (see Note
10 of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements below). The balance of
the increase was related to increases in payroll and payroll overhead costs of
$844,000, sales commissions of $410,000, stock compensation expense of $78,000
and travel expenses of $93,000. The increases in payroll and payroll overhead
costs and travel was primarily due to increased headcount and sales activity,
worldwide. The increase in sales commissions is directly related to the
increased sales.

     Sales and Marketing for the year ended December 31, 2005 as compared to
     2004

     Total sales and marketing expenses were $1,493,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005 as compared to $1,608,000 for the year ended December 31,
2004.

     The $115,000 decrease was primarily due to decreases in advertising of
$15,000, sales commissions of $285,000 and other miscellaneous expenses of
$11,000; these decreases were partially offset by an increase in payroll and
overhead costs of $196,000. The $285,000 decrease in sales commission is a
direct result of reduced revenue. The $196,000 increase in payroll and overhead
costs was the result of personnel changes.

     Administration for the year ended December 31, 2006 as compared to 2005

     Total administration expenses were $3,861,000 for the year ended December
31, 2006 as compared to $2,275,000 for the year ended December 31, 2005.





                                       33
<PAGE>


     The $1,586,000 increase for the year was due to increases in accounting
fees of $118,000, legal expenses of $340,000, $1,058,000 in payroll and payroll
overhead costs, professional and consulting services of $258,000, stock
compensation expenses of $304,000, software license of $88,000 and travel
expenses of $141,000. The increases were partially offset by $730,000 in
management reorganization costs that occurred in 2005 and not in 2006. The
increase in payroll and payroll overhead costs were related to additional
headcount and executive incentive compensation. The increase in professional and
consulting expenses is related to work done to evaluate new strategic and
alternative markets for Simtek's intellectual property and matters relating to
corporate governance. The increase in legal fees was related to increased legal
work required for the shareholders meeting, reverse split, reincorporation into
Delaware and various Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

     Administration for the year ended December 31, 2005 as compared to 2004

     Total administration expenses were $2,275,000 for the year ended December
31, 2005 as compared to $917,000 for the year ended December 31, 2004.

     The $1,358,000 increase for the year was due to increases in accounting and
legal expenses of $123,000, $343,000 increase in payroll and payroll overhead
costs, $713,000 in expenses related to separation and employment agreements and
a $179,000 increase in board of director costs and contract services. The
increases in payroll and payroll related costs and contract services were
related to increases in headcount and increases in administrative services
provided by our subsidiary Q-DOT. The increases in accounting and legal expenses
were related to increased activity related to agreements with personnel and
increased securities work. The $713,000 in expenses was related to costs
associated with the terms of the employment agreement for our current Chief
Executive Officer and the costs associated with the separation agreement entered
into with our previous Chief Executive Officer.

     Total Other Income (Expense) for the year ended December 31, 2006 as
     compared to 2005

     Total other expense (net) increased $38,000 for the year ended December 31,
2006 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2005 primarily due to an
increase in interest expense primarily related to our revolving credit line with
Wells Fargo, which was partially offset by an increase in interest income
received from our restricted investments.

     Total Other Income (Expense) for the year ended December 31, 2005 as
     compared to 2004

     Total other expense (net) decreased $69,000 for the year ended December 31,
2005 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2004 primarily due to an
increase in interest income received from our restricted investments.

     Loss from Continuing Operations for the year ended December 31, 2006 as
     compared to 2005

     We recorded a loss from continuing operations of $2,007,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2005 as compared to a loss from continuing operations of
$7,490,000 for the year ended December 31, 2005. The decrease of $5,483,000 in
net loss for the year was due primarily to an the increased revenue and changes
in expenses discussed above.

     Loss from Continuing Operations for the year ended December 31, 2005 as
     compared to 2004

     We recorded a loss from continuing operations of $7,490,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2005 as compared to a loss from continuing operations of
$3,731,000 for the year ended December 31, 2004. The increase of $3,759,000 in
net loss for the year was due primarily to an increase in operating expenses and
decreased revenue discussed above.

Future Results of Operations

     Our ability to be profitable will depend primarily on our ability to
continue to increase revenue, reduce product costs, introduce new products and



                                       34
<PAGE>


expand our customer base. We are also dependent on the overall state of the
semiconductor industry and the demand for semiconductor products by equipment
manufacturers.

     In January 2006, we established Simtek GmbH to operate our new European
design, customer service and support center in Dresden, Germany. Simtek GmbH
will service all of our European customers and supplement our engineering
capabilities.

     As of December 31, 2006, we had a backlog of unshipped customer orders of
approximately $8,100,000, all of which we expect to ship by June 30, 2007.
Orders are cancelable without penalty at the option of the purchaser prior to 30
days before scheduled shipment and therefore are not necessarily a measure of
future product revenue.

     We cannot assure you that the growth in demand, or demand for our products,
will increase in the future. Through 2006, we were principally dependent on our
legacy products for revenue. However, we expect to see a significant increase in
customer orders for our 0.25 micron 1 megabit products in 2007. We continue to
explore alternatives to further reduce the cost to manufacture our existing
products built on 0.8-micron and 0.25 micron technologies. We are currently
reviewing additional cost reduction measures that are expected to improve our
gross margins.

     During the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, we purchased all
of our silicon wafers to produce our legacy nvSRAM products from a single
supplier, Chartered. Approximately 66%, 86% and 97% of our semiconductor device
sales for 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, were from finished units produced
from these silicon wafers. We believe that we maintain a very good relationship
and that Chartered will continue to supply our wafer requirements for our legacy
products. In addition, we purchased finished units from ZMD principally for sale
to former ZMD customers; approximately 20% of our product revenue was from these
units. In 2007, we expect to discontinue purchasing product from ZMD and to
substitute that product with Simtek product. Dongbu provides silicon wafers for
our 0.25-micron products. Approximately 13%, 13% and 3% of our semiconductor
product sales for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively, were from finished units produced from these silicon wafers.

     We intend to continue designing, developing and subcontracting the
production of our memory products. We also expect to continue to sell to
existing and new customers through our normal sales and marketing channels.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Cash flows used in operating activities from continuing operations for the
year ended December 31, 2006 were $3,200,000 compared to $3,902,000 in the same
period in 2005, a decrease of $702,000. The primary improvements include: (i)
the reduction in the net loss from continuing operations of $5,453,000
($2,007,000 in 2006 versus $7,490,000 in 2005); (ii) amortization of the ZMD
non-compete agreement of $1,785,000; (iii) non-cash stock compensation of
$542,000; (v) the amount allocated to the issuance of warrants to Cypress of
$1,927,000; and, (vi) net change in allowance accounts of $746,000. These




                                       35
<PAGE>


improvements were partially offset by investment in working capital to support
revenue growth. The key components of the changes in working capital items are
as follows, in thousands of dollars:

                                 2006              2005          Change
                                 ----              ----          ------
Accounts receivable         $  (4,113)          $  1,011       $  (5,124)
Inventory                   $  (5,128)          $    492       $  (5,620)
Prepaid expenses            $     491           $   (622)      $   1,113

     Cash flows used in investing activities decreased for the year ended
December 31, 2006 by approximately $5,880,000 as compared to the same period in
2005. The decrease was primarily the result of the cash used in 2005 for the
purchase of certain assets from ZMD. This decrease was partially offset by an
increase in the purchase of equipment and furniture for our facility in Germany
and test equipment for our research and development activities.

     The decrease of $3,491,000 in cash flows provided by financing activities
was primarily due to a reduction in the amount raised from equity financing
transactions in 2006.

     The change in cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2005 used in
operating activities by continuing operations was primarily a result of a net
loss of $5,785,315, which was partially offset by $433,181 in depreciation and
amortization and a gain from discontinued operations of $1,687,403. The changes
in cash flow used in operating activities also reflected increases in allowance
accounts, loss on disposal of assets, prepaid expenses and other, accounts
payable and accrued expenses of $22,650, $129,307, $622,004, $767,512, and
$1,005,426 respectively. The increases were offset by decreases in accounts
receivable of $1,011,028, inventory of $491,611 and customer deposits of
$47,464. The increase of $622,004 in prepaid expenses and other was primarily
due to a deposit put in place with a supplier. The $129,307 loss on disposal of
assets, was primarily related to the write off of test development software. The
increase of $1,005,426 in accrued expenses was primarily related to costs
incurred with the December 30, 2005 stock transaction and expenses related to
certain employment and separation agreements that had not been paid as of
December 31, 2005. The $491,611 decrease in inventory was primarily due to
timing of inventory purchases. The change in cash flows provided by investing
activities by continuing operations of $1,526,233 was primarily due to the
purchases of equipment required to test our nonvolatile semiconductor memory
products and reticles required to produce our wafers, offset by the net proceeds
of $1,868,593 received from the sale of the assets of Q-DOT. The change in cash
flows provided by financing activities by continuing operations of $2,887,168
was primarily due to the equity financings, net of transaction related costs of
$3,944,403 and $8,458,926 which we completed in May and December 2005,
respectively. The proceeds of the equity financings were offset by the transfer
of $3,200,000 to escrow accounts for the Cypress and Q-DOT transactions and the
cash portion of the purchase of certain assets from ZMD of $7,685,416.
Additional proceeds provided by financing activities included $190,350 received
from the sale of our common stock per employment agreements and $310,501
received from the exercise of stock options by certain employees.

     The change in cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2004 used in
operating activities by continuing operations was primarily a result of a net




                                       36
<PAGE>


loss of $3,670,354, which was partially offset by $442,245 in depreciation and
amortization. The changes in cash flow used in operating activities also
reflected increases in allowance accounts, loss on disposal of assets, accounts
receivable, inventory, accounts payable, and accrued expenses of $122,691,
$75,110, $1,060,206, $684,955, $1,053,165, and $81,972, respectively. The
increase of $1,060,206 in accounts receivable was directly related to the
increase in revenue for the fourth quarter of 2004. The $684,955 increase in
inventory and $1,053,165 increase in accounts payable was due to the receipt of
raw materials at the end of December 2004 required to support first quarter 2005
shipments. The $75,110 loss on disposal of assets, was primarily related to
writing off the capital expenditures purchased for the installation of our
process at X-FAB, terminated in August 2004. The change in cash flows used in
investing activities by continuing operations of $134,886 was primarily due to
the purchase of equipment required to test our nonvolatile semiconductor memory
products and reticles required to produce our wafers, offset by a $300,000
release of restricted cash. The change in cash flows provided by financing
activities by continuing operations of $2,335,121 was primarily due to the
equity financing of $2,248,851 (net of transaction related costs) received in
October 2004, payments on a line of credit of $150,000, payments on capital
leases of $124,472 and $360,742 received from the exercise of stock options by
certain employees.

Short-term liquidity.

     Our unrestricted cash balance at December 31, 2006 was $4,522,000.

     Our future liquidity will depend on continued revenue growth, continued
improvement in gross margins and control of operating expenses. We expect
revenues to continue to increase in 2007. In addition, gross margins are
expected to improve and we expect to be profitable for 2007. Investment in
research and development is also expected to increase in 2007. We believe that
the cash generated by operations plus the available credit under its current
credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable
future. However, if we fail to meet our revenue targets, it may be necessary for
us to raise additional capital or incur additional debt.

Long-term liquidity.

     We continue to evaluate our long-term liquidity. Our growth plans may
require additional funding from outside sources. While we have no firm plans, we
are in ongoing discussions with investment banking organizations and potential
investors and lenders to ensure access to funds as required.

Critical Accounting Polices and Estimates

     Simtek's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
which require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related
disclosures. A summary of these significant accounting policies can be found in
Simtek's Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K.




                                       37
<PAGE>


The estimates used by management are based upon Simtek's historical experiences
combined with managements understanding of current facts and circumstances.
Certain of our accounting polices are considered critical as they are both
important to the portrayal of our financial condition and the results of our
operations and require significant or complex judgments on our part. We believe
that the following represent the critical accounting policies of Simtek as
described in Financial Reporting Release No. 60, Cautionary Advice Regarding
Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies, which was issued by the
Securities and Exchange Commission: inventories; deferred income taxes;
allowance for doubtful accounts; and, allowance for sales returns.

     The valuation of inventories involves complex judgments on our part. Excess
finished goods inventories are a natural component of market demand of
semiconductor devices. We continually evaluate and balance the levels of
inventories based on sales projections, current orders scheduled for future
delivery and historical product demand. While certain finished goods items will
sell out, quantities of other finished goods items will remain. These finished
goods are reserved as excess inventory. We believe we have adequate controls
with respect to the amount of finished goods inventories that are anticipated to
become excess. While we believe this process produces a fair valuation of
inventories, changes in general economic conditions of the semiconductor
industry could materially affect valuation of our inventories.

     The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects a reserve that reduces
customer accounts receivable to the net amount estimated to be collectible.
Estimating the credit worthiness of customers and the recoverability of customer
accounts requires management to exercise considerable judgment. In estimating
uncollectible amounts, we consider factors such as industry specific economic
conditions, historical customer performance and anticipated customer
performance. While we believe our processes to be adequate to effectively
quantify our exposure to doubtful accounts, changes in industry or specific
customer conditions may require us to adjust our allowance for doubtful
accounts.

     We record an allowance for sales returns as a net adjustment to customer
accounts receivable. The allowance for sales returns consists of two separate
segments, distributor stock rotation and distributor price reductions. When we
record the allowance, the net method reduces customer accounts receivables and
gross sales. Generally, we calculate the stock rotation portion of the allowance
based upon actual reported distributor inventory levels. The contracts we have
with our distributors generally allow them to return to us a 5% percent of their
inventory every 6 months, in exchange for inventory that better meets their
demands. At times, our distributors reduce the selling price of a specific
device in order to meet competition related to a specific end customer program,
which we support through a credit back to the distributor for that specific
program. When this occurs, we record an allowance for potential credit that our
distributors will be requesting. This allowance is based on approved pricing
changes, inventory affected and historical data. We believe that our processes
to adequately predict our allowance for sales returns are effective in
quantifying our exposures due to industry or specific customer conditions.

     We record an allowance that directly relates to the warranty of our
products for one year. The allowance for warranty return reduces our gross
sales. This allowance is calculated by looking at annual revenues and historical



                                       38
<PAGE>


rates of our products returned due to warranty issues. While we believe this
process adequately predicts our allowance for warranty returns, changes in the
manufacturing or design of our product could materially affect valuation of our
warranties.

     We assess the impairment of long-lived assets, including the ZMD
non-compete agreement, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Factors that we consider in
deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant
under-performance of the business in relation to expectations, significant
negative industry or economic trends, and significant changes or planned changes
in our use of the assets. Recoverability of assets that will continue to be used
in our operations is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to
our estimate of the related future net cash flows. As of December 31, 2006 we
determined that no impairment existed as of that date. If the asset's carrying
amount is not recoverable through the related cash flows, the asset is
considered to be impaired. The impairment is measured by the difference between
the asset's carrying amount and its fair value, based on the best information
available, including market prices or discounted cash flows

     Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of
the nvSRAM assets from ZMD. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment. We
performed goodwill impairment testing as of December 31, 2006, and determined
that no impairment existed at that date. This assessment requires estimates of
future revenue, operating results and cash flows, as well as estimates of
critical valuation inputs such as discount rates, terminal values and similar
data. We will continue to perform periodic and annual impairment analyses of
goodwill. As a result of such impairment analyses, impairment charges may be
recorded and may have a material adverse impact on our financial position and
operating results. Additionally, we may make strategic business decisions in
future periods which impact the fair value of goodwill, which could result in
significant impairment charges. There can be no assurance that future goodwill
impairments will not occur.

     We have recorded a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. Future
operations may change our estimate in connection with potential utilization of
these assets.

Accounting Pronouncements

     In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes ("FIN 48"). The interpretation clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company's financial
statements in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
109, Accounting for Income Taxes. Specifically, the pronouncement prescribes a
recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return. The interpretation also provides guidance on the related
derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting for interim
periods, disclosure and transition of uncertain tax positions. The
interpretation is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006.
The Company is currently evaluating the requirements of FIN 48 and the potential
impact on the Company's financial statements.





                                       39
<PAGE>


     In February 2007, the FASB issued FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ("FAS 159"). FAS 159 allows the
Company to choose to measure many financial assets and financial liabilities at
fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option
has been elected are reported in earnings. FAS 159 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after November 15, 2007. Therefore, we are required to adopt FAS 159
by the first quarter of 2008. We are currently evaluating the requirements of
FAS 159 and the potential impact on our financial statements.

     In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements" ("FAS 157"). This Statement defines
fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
and expands disclosure related to the use of fair value measures in financial
statements. FAS 157 is to be effective for our financial statements issued in
2008; however, earlier application is encouraged by the FASB. We are currently
evaluating the timing of adoption and the impact that adoption might have on our
financial position or results of operations.

     In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108 ("SAB 108"). Due to diversity in practice
among registrants, SAB 108 expresses SEC staff views regarding the process by
which misstatements in financial statements are evaluated for purposes of
determining whether financial statement restatement is necessary. SAB 108 is
effective for fiscal years ending after November 15, 2006, and early application
is encouraged by the FASB. We do not believe SAB 108 will have a material impact
on our financial position or results of operations.


Inflation

     The impact of inflation on our business has not been material.

Off Balance-Sheet Arrangements

     We are party to a lease agreement with Baja Properties, LLC as landlord
pursuant to which we lease approximately 16,000 square feet of space in Colorado
Springs, Colorado. The lease is scheduled to expire on February 28, 2013. Our
monthly rental payment obligation is approximately $17,000. We are party to a
lease agreement with Buerohaus Elg-Florenz GmbH & Co. as landlord pursuant to
which we lease approximately 1,394 square feet of space in Dresden, Germany. The
lease is schedule to expire December 31, 2008. Our monthly rental payment
obligation is approximately $5,200.

Description of Property

     We do not own any property.










                                       40
<PAGE>


Contractual Obligations

     The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations at
December 31, 2006, which are expected to have an effect on our liquidity and
cash flows in future periods:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                Payments Due by Period
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         Less than                                  More than
                                            Total         1 year       1-3 years      3-5 years      5 years
                                            -----        ---------     ---------      ---------      -------
<S>                                     <C>               <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>
(in thousands)
--------------
Operating lease obligations             $     1,479       $    296     $       725    $     458      $       -
Other purchase obligations and
     Commitments                              1,481            877             604            -              -
Long-term debt obligations                    2,700            480           2,220            -              -
                                        -----------       --------     -----------    ---------      ---------
     Total                              $     5,660       $  1,653     $     3,549    $     458      $       -
                                        ===========       ========     ===========    =========      =========

</TABLE>

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
-------------------------------------------------------------------

     Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows due to adverse changes in
financial and commodity market prices and rates. We are exposed to market risk
in the areas of changes in United States interest rates and changes in foreign
currency exchange rates as measured against the United States dollar. These
exposures are directly related to our normal operating activities. We currently
have no derivative financial instruments.

     Interest payable on our convertible debentures is fixed at 7.5% over the
term of the debentures. As such, changes in interest rates will not affect
future expenses or cash flows.

     Interest payable on our revolving line of credit entered into with Wells
Fargo is a fixed amount of the face value of eligible receivables they purchase
from us. As such, changes in interest rates will not affect future expenses or
cash flows.

     We manage interest income by investing our excess cash in cash equivalents
bearing variable interest rates, which are tied to various market indices. We do
not believe that near-term changes in interest rates will result in a material
effect on future earnings, fair values or cash flows.

     We do not speculate in the foreign exchange market and do not manage
exposures that arise in the normal course of business related to fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates by entering into offsetting positions through
the use of foreign exchange forward contracts.

     Average selling prices of our products have not increased significantly as
a result of inflation during the past several years, primarily due to intense
competition within the semiconductor industry. The effect of inflation on our
costs of production has been minimized through improvements in production
efficiencies. We anticipate that these factors will continue to minimize the
effects of any foreseeable inflation and other price pressures within the
industry and markets in which we participate.






                                       41
<PAGE>


     Interest payable on our revolving line of credit entered into with Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association ("Wells Fargo") is a fixed amount of the face
value of eligible receivables they purchase from us. As such, changes in
interest rates will not affect future expenses or cash flows.

     On October 11, 2006 and October 20, 2006, the Bluegrass Growth Fund Ltd.
and the Bluegrass Growth Fund Lp. each exercised 25,800 warrants into shares of
our common stock. On October 20, 2006, C. E. Unterberg Towbin exercised 27,000
warrants into shares of our common stock. We received a total of $212,000 from
these warrant exercises.















































                                       42
<PAGE>


Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
---------------------------------------------------


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm....................  44

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2006 and 2005...................  45

Consolidated Statements of Operations - For the Years Ended
     December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004......................................  46

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity -
     For the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004..................  47

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years Ended
     December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004......................................  49

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - For the Years
     Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004................................  51

































                                       43
<PAGE>


             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



To the Board of Directors
Simtek Corporation
Colorado Springs, Colorado

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Simtek Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, statements of changes in shareholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Simtek Corporation
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment.




HEIN & ASSOCIATES LLP

Denver, Colorado
March 27, 2007






                                       44
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                          SIMTEK CORPORATION


                                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       (Amounts in thousands, except par value and share amounts)

                                                ASSETS
                                                ------
                                                                           December 31, 2006    December 31, 2005
                                                                           -----------------    -----------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>
CURRENT ASSETS:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  $  4,522            $  1,766
     Restricted investments                                                        1,775               2,281
     Accounts receivable - trade, net of allowance for doubtful
       accounts and return allowances of approximately $372
       and $282                                                                    5,537               1,456
     Inventory, net                                                                6,596               2,068
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                       312                  99
     Deposits                                                                          -                 600
                                                                                --------            --------
         Total current assets                                                     18,742               8,270
EQUIPMENT AND FURNITURE, net                                                       1,239                 571
DEFERRED FINANCING COSTS AND DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS                                      54                 111
GOODWILL                                                                             992                 876
NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT,NET                                                      7,126               8,910
OTHER ASSETS                                                                          89                  20
                                                                                --------            --------
     TOTAL ASSETS                                                               $ 28,242            $ 18,758
                                                                                ========            ========
                                 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 ------------------------------------
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
     Accounts payable                                                           $  3,771            $  2,822
     Accrued expenses                                                                939               1,419
     Accrued vacation payable                                                        229                 145
     Accrued wages                                                                   814                  40
     Obligation under capital leases                                                   -                  13
     Line of credit                                                                  681                   -
     Debentures, current                                                             480                 240
                                                                                --------            --------
         Total current liabilities                                                 6,914               4,679
DEBENTURES, NET OF CURRENT                                                         2,220               2,760
                                                                                --------            --------

         Total liabilities                                                         9,134               7,439

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
     Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 200,000 shares authorized,
         none issued                                                                   -                   -
     Common stock, $.0001 par value; 30,000,000 shares authorized,
         16,146,679 and 16,145,679 shares issued and outstanding
         at December 31, 2006 and 14,692,082 and 14,691,082 shares
         issued and outstanding at December 31, 2005                                   2                   2
     Additional paid-in capital                                                   67,173              57,509
     Treasury stock, at cost; 10,000 shares                                           (1)                 (1)
     Accumulated deficit                                                         (48,198)            (46,191)
     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                          132                   -
                                                                                --------            --------
         Total shareholders' equity                                               19,108              11,319
                                                                                --------            --------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                      $ 28,242            $ 18,758
                                                                                ========            ========


                     See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>






                                       45
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (Amounts in thousands, except par value and share amounts)

                                                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                                        DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                        ------------
                                                                      2006                  2005                   2004
                                                                      ----                  ----                   ----
<S>                                                               <C>                    <C>                    <C>    <C>
REVENUE:
     Product sales, net                                           $     28,560           $     10,385           $     13,092
     Royalty revenue                                                     2,070                      -                     --
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------
         Total revenue                                                  30,630                 10,385                 13,092
     Cost of sales                                                      18,024                  7,591                  9,140
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------
GROSS MARGIN                                                            12,606                  2,794                  3,952

OPERATING EXPENSES:
     Research and development costs                                      5,855                  6,369                  4,942
     Sales and marketing                                                 4,679                  1,493                  1,608
     General and administrative                                          3,861                  2,275                    917
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------

                  Total operating expenses                              14,395                 10,137                  7,467
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS                                                    (1,789)                (7,343)                (3,515)

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
     Interest income                                                       162                     92                     26
     Interest expense                                                     (370)                  (238)                  (241)
     Exchange rate variance                                                 (3)                     -                     --
     Other expense                                                          26                     (1)                    (1)
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------

                  Total other expense                                     (185)                  (147)                  (216)
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------

LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
     BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES                                  (1,974)                (7,490)                (3,731)

     Provision for income taxes                                            (33)                     -                     --
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------

LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS                                         (2,007)                (7,490)                (3,731)
INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
     (including gain on disposal of $1,687
         in 2005)                                                            -                  1,704                     60
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------

NET LOSS                                                          $     (2,007)          $     (5,786)          $     (3,671)
                                                                  ============           ============           ============
NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE:
         Basic and diluted
     Loss from continuing operations                              $       (.13)          $      (1.09)          $       (.64)
     Income from discontinued operations                          $        .00           $        .25           $        .01
                                                                  ------------           ------------           ------------
     Total                                                        $       (.13)          $       (.84)          $       (.63)
                                                                  ============           ============           ============
WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES
OUTSTANDING:
     Basic and diluted                                              15,125,847              6,861,309              5,858,641
                                                                  ============           ============           ============



                       See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>
                                                      46


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                 SIMTEK CORPORATION

                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006, 2005 AND 2004
                                  (Amounts in thousands, except par value amounts)

                                                                                                      ACCUMULATED
                                         COMMON STOCK       ADDITIONAL                                   OTHER           TOTAL
                                       ----------------       PAID-IN     TREASURY     ACCUMULATED   COMPREHENSIVE   SHAREHOLDERS'
                                       SHARES    AMOUNT       CAPITAL       STOCK        DEFICIT         INCOME          EQUITY
                                       ------    ------      ----------   --------     -----------   --------------  -------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>             <C>             <C>
BALANCES, December 1, 2004             5,671     $    1      $ 39,784     $     (1)    $ (36,734)      $       -       $   3,050
 Exercise of stock options               101          -           361            -             -               -             361
 Equity financing October 12,
   2004, net of $251 in costs            516          -         2,249            -             -               -           2,249
 Net loss                                  -          -             -            -        (3,671)              -          (3,671)
                                     -------     ------      --------     --------     ---------       ---------       ---------
BALANCES, December 31, 2004            6,288          1        42,394           (1)      (40,405)              -           1,989
 Exercise of stock options               114          -           311            -             -               -             311
 Equity financing May 5, 2005,
   net of $55 in costs                   674          -         3,944            -             -               -           3,944
 Issuance of stock related
   to Employment/separation
   agreements                            115          -           457            -             -               -             457
 Issuance of stock related
   to December 30, 2005
   equity financing, net
   of $641 in costs                    6,875          1        8,458             -             -               -           8,459
 Asset purchase,
  December 30, 2005                      626          -        1,882             -             -               -           1,882
 Interest expense related
   to issuance of warrants                 -          -           63             -             -               -              63
 Net loss                                  -          -            -             -        (5,786)              -          (5,786)
                                     --------    ------      -------      --------     ---------       ---------       ---------
BALANCES, December 31, 2005           14,692          2       57,509            (1)      (46,191)              -          11,319
  Funds in transit at
    December 31, 2005
    related to the
    December 30, 2005
    equity financing                       -          -        1,874             -             -               -           1,874
  Stock-based compensation
   expense                                 -          -          542             -             -               -             542
  Exercise of stock options               73          -          206             -             -               -             206
  Exercise of warrants                    79          -          212             -             -               -             212
  Expense related to
   issuance of warrants                    -          -        1,981             -             -               -           1,981





                                  See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.


                                                               47
<PAGE>

                                              SIMTEK CORPORATION


                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006, 2005 AND 2004
                                (Amounts in thousands, except par value amounts)
                                                  (continued)

                                                                                                      ACCUMULATED
                                         COMMON STOCK        ADDITIONAL                                  OTHER           TOTAL
                                       ----------------       PAID-IN     TREASURY     ACCUMULATED   COMPREHENSIVE   SHAREHOLDERS'
                                       SHARES    AMOUNT       CAPITAL       STOCK        DEFICIT         INCOME          EQUITY
                                       ------    ------      ----------   --------     -----------   --------------  -------------

Issuance of stock for
 services provided                         14         -           52             -             -               -              52
  Shares of common stock
   purchased from dissenters                -         -           (6)            -                             -              (6)
Conversion of debentures                  136         -          300             -             -               -             300
 Equity financing, September 21,
  2006 net of $52 in costs              1,153         -        4,503             -             -               -           4,503
 Cumulative foreign currency
  translation adjustments                   -         -            -             -             -             132             132
 Net loss                                   -         -            -             -        (2,007)              -          (2,007)
                                     --------    ------      -------      --------     ---------       ---------       ---------

BALANCES, December 31, 2006            16,147    $    2      $67,173      $     (1)    $ (48,198)      $     132       $  19,108
                                     ========    ======      =======      ========     =========       =========       =========































                                  See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                                               48
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                       SIMTEK CORPORATION


                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                      (Amounts in thousands, except par value and share amounts)

                                                                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                                                          DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                              2006            2005           2004
                                                                                              ----            ----           ----
<S>                                                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
     Net loss                                                                              $ (2,007)       $ (5,786)       $ (3,671)
     Income from discontinued operations                                                          -             (17)            (60)
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
         activities:
         Depreciation and amortization                                                          494             433             442
         Loss on disposal of assets                                                               -             129              75
         Stock-based compensation expense                                                       542               -               -
         Issuance of common stock per separation and employment
              agreements and other compensation agreements                                       52             267               -
         Expense related to issuance of warrants                                              1,927               9               -
         Amortization of non-compete agreement                                                1,784               -               -
         Gain from discontinued operations                                                        -          (1,687)              -
         Net change in allowance accounts                                                       769              23             123
         Deferred financing fees                                                                 53              16              16
         Changes in assets and liabilities:
          (Increase) decrease in:
              Accounts receivable                                                            (4,113)          1,011          (1,060)
              Inventory                                                                      (5,128)            492            (684)
              Prepaid expenses and other                                                        491            (622)             21
          Increase (decrease) in:
              Accounts payable                                                                  921             768           1,053
              Accrued expenses                                                                1,015            1005              82
              Customer deposits                                                                   -             (47)              -
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------
     Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations                          (3,200)         (4,006)         (3,663)
     Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued
         operations                                                                               -             104             353
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------
     Net cash used in operating activities                                                   (3,200)         (3,902)         (3,310)
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
     Purchase of equipment and furniture, net                                                (1,153)           (342)           (435)
     Transfers from restricted cash                                                             506             919             300
     Patents                                                                                    (66)              -               -
     Proceeds from discontinued operations, net                                                   -           1,868
     Purchase of certain assets from ZMD                                                       (116)         (8,542)              -
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------
     Net cash used in investing activities of
         continuing operations                                                                 (829)         (6,097)           (135)
     Net cash used in investing activities of discontinued operations                             -             (36)           (176)
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------
     Net cash  used in investing activities                                                    (829)         (6,133)           (311)
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
     Payments on notes payable and line of credit                                                 -               -            (150)
     Payments on capital lease obligation                                                       (13)            (50)           (124)
     Equity financing, net                                                                    6,377          12,403           2,249



                                  See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                                               49

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                               (Continued)

                                                                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                                                         DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                          2006              2005              2004
                                                                                          ----              ----              ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>               <C>               <C>
     Transfers to restricted investment                                                       -            (3,200)                -
     Sale of common stock related to employment agreements                                    -               190                 -
     Proceeds from exercise of warrants                                                     212                 -                 -
     Shares purchased from dissenting shareholders                                           (6)                -                 -
     Exercise of stock options                                                              206               311               361
                                                                                        -------           -------           -------
              Net cash provided by financing activities                                   6,776             9,654             2,336
                                                                                        -------           -------           -------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                       9                 -                 -
NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                   2,756              (381)           (1,285)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period                                            1,766             2,147             3,432
                                                                                        -------           -------           -------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period                                                $ 4,522           $ 1,766           $ 2,147
                                                                                        =======           =======           =======
Cash paid for interest                                                                  $   331           $   242           $   229
                                                                                        =======           =======           =======
Stock issued for purchase of certain assets from ZMD                                    $     -           $ 1,882           $     -
                                                                                        =======           =======           =======
Warrants issued for debt issuance cost                                                  $    54           $    63           $     -
                                                                                        =======           =======           =======
Conversion of debentures                                                                $   300           $     -           $     -
                                                                                        =======           =======           =======

































                                  See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                                               50


<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.   NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
     ------------------------------------------------------

     Nature of Business Operations - Simtek Corporation (the "Company") designs,
     develops, markets and subcontracts the production of high performance
     nonvolatile semiconductor memories and programmed semiconductor logic
     products. The Company's operations have concentrated on the design and
     development of the 1-megabit, 256-kilobit, 64-kilobit, and 16-kilobit
     nonvolatile semiconductor memory product families and associated products
     and technologies as well as the development of sources of supply and
     distribution channels.

     Reverse Stock Split and Reincorporation - On October 5, 2006, the Company
     completed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split. All share and per share amounts
     have been restated to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split as if
     it had occurred as of the balance sheet date or as of the beginning of each
     fiscal period presented. In addition, On October 5, 2006, the Company
     converted from a Colorado corporation to a Delaware corporation. This
     reincorporation had no effect on the consolidated financial statements.

     Liquidity - During 2006 the Company incurred a net loss of $2,007,000 and
     has accumulated deficits of $48,198,000 as of December 31, 2006. The
     Company was also not in compliance with its debentures throughout 2006, but
     was successful in obtaining waivers from the debenture holders.

     During the third quarter of 2006, the Company raised gross proceeds of
     $4,555,000 in a private placement. The Company issued 1,153,171 shares
     (post-split) of its common stock at a per share price of $3.95 and 172,981
     warrants to purchase common stock. The warrants have a per share exercise
     price of $5.40 and a five-year term. The Company anticipates using the
     proceeds for general working capital and to produce silicon wafers to
     support revenue growth.

     The Company operates in a volatile industry, whereby its average selling
     prices and product costs are influenced by competitive factors.
     Furthermore, the Company continues to incur significant research and
     development costs for product development. These factors create pressures
     on sales, costs, earnings and cash flows, which will impact liquidity.

     If the Company is unable to achieve profitable operations in 2007 it may
     result in increased liquidity pressure on the Company, whereby it might be
     required to enter into debt or equity arrangements that may not be as
     otherwise favorable to the Company.

     Revenue Recognition - Product sales revenue is recognized when a valid
     purchase order has been received with a fixed price and the products are
     shipped to customers FOB origin (Colorado Springs, Colorado or Dresden,
     Germany), including distributors. Based on historic business with the
     majority of the Company's customers and, in the case of new customers,
     based on credit checks, the Company is reasonably assured that
     collectibility on our shipments will occur. Customers receive a one-year
     product warranty and sales to distributors are subject to a limited product
     exchange program and a price protection in the event of changes in the
     Company's product price. The Company provides a reserve for possible
     product returns, product price protection and warranty costs at the time
     the sale is recognized. The Company has a detailed procedure to ensure that
     its estimates for reserves are reasonable and reliable. The reserve for
     product returns is based on the actual inventory value of the Company's
     semiconductor products held by its distributors. The Company's distributors
     are permitted to rotate up to 5% of their stock every six months with the
     stipulation that they must submit a replacement order of equal dollar value
     to the stock that they are returning. The reserve for price protection is



                                       51
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     used when the Company authorizes special pricing to one of its distributors
     for a specific customer. To date, the estimates have not been materially
     different from the credits the Company has issued under these reserves.

     Revenue from royalties related to non-refundable prepaid royalty payments
     is recognized upon receipt. Revenue from royalties related to sales of
     products by license partners is recognized upon the notification to us of
     shipment of product from the Company's technology license partners to
     direct customers.

     Fair Value of Financial instruments - The Company's short-term financial
     instruments consist of cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and
     accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of these financial instruments
     approximate fair value because of their short-term maturities. Financial
     instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of
     credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivable.

     The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading
     purposes nor does it hold or issue interest rate or leveraged derivate
     financial instruments.

     Cash and Cash Equivalents - The Company considers all highly liquid
     investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
     equivalents. As of December 31, 2006, substantially all of the Company's
     cash and cash equivalents were held by three banks, of which approximately
     $4,002,000 was in excess of Federally insured amounts.

     Receivables and Credit Policies - Trade receivables consist of
     uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms,
     typically requiring payment within 30 days of the invoice date. Management
     reviews trade receivables periodically and reduces the carrying amount by a
     valuation allowance that reflects management's best estimate of the amount
     that may not be collectible.

     Inventory - The Company records inventory using the lower of cost
     (first-in, first-out) or market. Inventories consist of (in thousands of
     dollars):

                                                           December 31,
                                                           ------------
                                                     2006                2005
                                                     ----                ----

     Raw materials                               $        21        $        33
     Work in progress                                  4,603              1,096
     Finished goods                                    2,737              1,055
                                                 -----------        -----------
                                                       7,361              2,184
     Less reserves for excess inventory                 (765)              (116)
                                                 ------------       ------------

                                                 $     6,596        $     2,068
                                                 ===========        ===========

     Non-competition Agreement - On December 30, 2005, the Company entered into
     a non-competition agreement with ZMD as part of the acquisition of ZMD's
     nvSRAM product line. The Company assigned a value of $8,910,000 to the
     non-competition agreement in December 2005. The value assigned to the
     non-competition agreement is being amortized on a straight line basis over
     its five year life. During 2006, the Company expensed approximately
     $1,784,000 to sales and marketing for amortization of the non-competition
     agreement and will expense this same amount for each of the next four
     years.





                                       52
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Goodwill - Goodwill represents the excess of the total amount paid to ZMD
     for the nvSRAM assets acquired on December 30, 2005 and the fair value
     assigned to specific assets. This amount will not be amortized, but will be
     reviewed for impairment on a periodic basis. As of December 31, 2006, no
     impairment of value has been recorded.

     Depreciation & Amortization - Equipment and furniture are recorded at cost.
     Depreciation is provided over the assets' estimated useful lives of three
     to seven years using the straight-line and accelerated methods. The cost
     and accumulated depreciation of furniture and equipment sold or otherwise
     disposed of are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is
     included in operations. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
     as incurred and betterments are capitalized. In December 2006, the Company
     incurred expenses of approximately $70,000 related to the filing of 10 new
     patents with the United States Patent and Trademark Office in January 2007.
     The Company will amortize the expense related to these patents over the
     life of the patent.

     Research and Development Costs - Research and development costs are charged
     to operations in the period incurred. Total research and development costs
     for the years ending December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31,
     2004 were $5,855,000, $6,369,000 and $4,942,000, respectively.

     Advertising - The Company incurs advertising expense in connection with the
     marketing of its product. Advertising costs are expensed as advertising
     takes place. Advertising expense was $47,000, $66,000 and $83,000 in 2006,
     2005 and 2004, respectively.

     Loss Per Share - Basic Earnings Per Share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing
     the income or loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average
     number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects
     the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to
     issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. As the
     Company incurred losses in 2006, 2005 and 2004, all common stock
     equivalents would be considered anti-dilutive. For purposes of calculating
     diluted EPS, 4,425,489, 1,800,446 and 970,707 options and warrants for
     2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, were excluded from diluted EPS as they
     had an anti-dilutive effect.

     Accounting Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in
     conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
     States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
     that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the
     accompanying notes. The actual results could differ from those estimates.
     The Company's financial statements are based upon a number of significant
     estimates, including the allowance for doubtful accounts, technological
     obsolescence of inventories, the estimated useful lives selected for
     property and equipment, sales returns, warranty reserve, the valuation
     allowance on the deferred tax assets and possible impairment of goodwill.

     Concentration of Credit Risk - Financial instruments that potentially
     subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist
     primarily of accounts receivable. The Company has no significant
     off-balance sheet concentrations of credit risk. Accounts receivable are
     typically unsecured and are derived from transactions with and from
     customers located worldwide.

     Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - In the event that facts and circumstances
     indicate that the cost of assets may be impaired, an evaluation of
     recoverability would be performed. If an evaluation is required, the



                                       53
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset would be
     compared to the asset's carrying amount to determine if a write-down to
     market value or discounted cash flow value is required. As of December 31,
     2006, the Company has incurred no such losses.

     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - The functional currency for
     Simtek GmbH is the local currency, the Euro. Assets and liabilities for
     this foreign subsidiary are translated at the exchange rate in effect at
     the balance sheet date, and income and expenses are translated at average
     exchange rates prevailing during the period. Translation gains or losses
     are included within shareholders' equity as part of accumulated other
     comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2006, the Company recorded
     approximately $132,000 in comprehensive income.

     Principles of Consolidation - The accompanying financial statements include
     the consolidation of accounts for the Company's wholly owned subsidiary,
     Simtek GmbH. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have
     been eliminated in consolidation.

     Stock-Based Compensation - At December 31, 2006, the Company had one
     stock-based compensation plan, which are more fully described in Note 6 of
     these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements below.

     Prior to January 1, 2006, the Company accounted for awards granted under
     this plan using the intrinsic method of expense recognition, which follows
     the recognition and measurement principles of Accounting Principles Board
     (APB) Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. As such,
     compensation expense is recorded on the date of grant if the current market
     price of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price. Under the
     provisions of APB 25, there was no compensation expense resulting from the
     issuance of stock options by the Company as the exercise price was
     equivalent to the fair market value at the date of grant.

     Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair value recognition
     provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard 123(R)
     "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123(R)") using the modified prospective
     transition method. In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission
     issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 "Share-Based Payment" ("SAB 107")
     in March, 2005, which provides supplemental SFAS 123(R) application
     guidance based on the views of the SEC. Under the modified prospective
     transition method, compensation cost recognized in the twelve month period
     ending December 31, 2006 includes: (a) compensation cost for all
     share-based payments granted prior to, but not yet vested as of January 1,
     2006, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the
     original provisions of SFAS No. 123, and (b) compensation cost for all
     share-based payments granted beginning January 1, 2006, based on the grant
     date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 123(R).
     In accordance with the modified prospective transition method, results for
     prior periods have not been restated.

     The adoption of SFAS 123(R) resulted in stock compensation expense for the
     twelve months ended December 31, 2006 of $542,000 to loss from continuing
     operations and loss before income taxes. The Company did not recognize a
     tax benefit from the stock compensation expense because the Company
     considers it is more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets,
     which have been reduced by a full valuation allowance, will not be
     realized.

     The Company granted nonqualified stock options at an exercise price equal
     to the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the grant date.
     The Company applies the Black-Scholes valuation method to compute the



                                       54
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     estimated fair value of the stock options and recognizes compensation
     expense, net of estimated forfeitures on a straight-line basis so that the
     award is fully expensed at the vesting date.


     Income Taxes - The Company recognizes deferred income tax assets and
     liabilities for the expected future income tax consequences, based on
     enacted tax laws, of temporary differences between the financial reporting
     and tax bases of assets, liabilities and carryovers. Deferred tax expense
     represents the change in the deferred tax asset/liability balance.
     Valuation allowances are recorded for deferred tax assets which, more
     likely than not, are not expected to be realized.

     Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements -

     In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
     Uncertainty in Income Taxes ("FIN 48"). The interpretation clarifies the
     accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company's
     financial statements in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
     Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. Specifically, the
     pronouncement prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement
     attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
     position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation
     also provides guidance on the related derecognition, classification,
     interest and penalties, accounting for interim periods, disclosure and
     transition of uncertain tax positions. The interpretation is effective for
     fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently
     evaluating the requirements of FIN 48 and the potential impact on the
     Company's financial statements.

     In February 2007, the FASB issued FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for
     Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ("FAS 159"). FAS 159 allows
     companies to choose to measure many financial assets and financial
     liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items for which
     the fair value option has been elected are reported in earnings. FAS 159 is
     effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. Therefore,
     the Company is required to adopt FAS 159 by the first quarter of 2008. The
     Company is currently evaluating the requirements of FAS 159 and the
     potential impact on the Company's financial statements.

     In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
     Standards No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements" ("FAS 157"). This Statement
     defines fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements,
     establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted
     accounting principles and expands disclosure related to the use of fair
     value measures in financial statements. FAS 157 is to be effective for the
     Company's financial statements issued in 2008; however, earlier application
     is encouraged by the FASB. The Company is currently evaluating the timing
     of adoption and the impact that adoption might have on its financial
     position or results of operations.

     In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
     Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108 ("SAB 108"). Due to diversity in practice
     among registrants, SAB 108 expresses SEC staff views regarding the process
     by which misstatements in financial statements are evaluated for purposes
     of determining whether financial statement restatement is necessary. SAB
     108 is effective for fiscal years ending after November 15, 2006. The
     Company does not believe SAB 108 will have a material impact on its
     financial position or results of operations.

2.   EQUIPMENT AND FURNITURE:
     -----------------------

     Equipment and furniture at December 31, 2006 and 2005 consisted of the
     following:





                                       55
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                              December 31,
                                                              ------------
                                                           2006         2005
                                                           ----         ----
     (in thousands of dollars)
     Leased equipment under capital leases             $        -    $      148
     Research and development equipment                     2,399         1,937
     Computer equipment and software                        2,452         1,672
     Office furniture                                          69            33
     Other equipment                                          232           205
                                                       ----------    ----------
                                                            5,152         3,995
     Less accumulated depreciation and amortization        (3,913)       (3,425)
                                                       ----------    ----------
                                                       $    1,239    $      571
                                                       ==========    ==========


     The cost of equipment and furniture acquired for research and development
     activities that has alternative future use is capitalized and depreciated
     over its estimated useful life.

     Depreciation and amortization expense of $494,000, $433,000 and $442,000
     was charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
     2004, respectively. Included in the amortization expense for 2005 and 2004
     was $91,000 and $142,000, respectively, of amortization of software and
     research and development equipment under capital leases. During 2006, there
     was no amortization expense related to software and research and
     development equipment under capital leases, as those leases terminated in
     2005.

3.   CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES:

     On July 1, 2002, the Company received funding of $3,000,000 in a financing
     transaction with Renaissance Capital Growth and Income Fund III, Inc.,
     Renaissance US Growth Investment Trust PLC and US Special Opportunities
     Trust PLC. RENN Capital Group, Inc. is the agent for the RENN investment
     funds. One of the Company's directors holds the position of Senior Vice
     President of RENN Capital Group. The $3,000,000 funding consists of
     convertible debentures with a 7-year term at a 7.5% per annum interest
     rate. Each fund equally invested $1,000,000. The holder of the debenture
     shall have the right, at any time, to convert all, or in multiples of
     $100,000, any part of the Debenture into fully paid and nonassessable
     shares of Simtek Corporation common stock. The debentures were originally
     convertible into Simtek common stock at $3.12 per share, which was in
     excess of the market price per share on July 1, 2002. At December 31, 2006,
     the Company was not in compliance with one of the covenants set forth in
     the loan agreement. This covenant relates to the interest coverage ratio.
     On February 20, 2007, the Company received a waiver for the covenant
     through January 1, 2008. However, significant variances in future actual
     operations from the Company's current estimates could result in the
     reclassification of this note to current liabilities. The Convertible
     Debentures allows for an adjustment in the conversion price, if the Company
     issues Common Stock in connection with an equity financing, where the sale
     price is less than the conversion price of $3.12. This occurred in December
     2005 in connection with the common stock sale of $11,000,000 at a price of
     $1.60 per share. Pursuant to the terms of the 2002 convertible debentures,
     the Company agreed with the RENN Capital Group that the conversion price
     would be reduced to $2.20 per share. Based on the conversion rate of $2.20
     per share, each RENN investment fund is entitled to 409,091 shares upon
     conversion (assuming conversion of $900,000).

     On June 28, 2005, the Company received a waiver from the debenture holders
     extending until July 1, 2006 the commencement date for principal payments



                                       56
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     of the $3 million aggregate principal amount, see Note 6 Shareholders'
     Equity for additional information. On July 24, 2006, each of the debenture
     holders converted $100,000 of the principal amount into 45,455 shares of
     the Company's common stock in lieu of the Company making the principal
     payments it was required to make commencing on July 1, 2006.

4.   Notes Payable
     -------------

     On June 2, 2006, the Company secured a $3.6 million revolving line of
     credit by entering into an Account Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement")
     with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("Wells Fargo"). Pursuant to
     the Agreement, the Company may sell, subject to recourse in the event of
     nonpayment, up to $3.6 million of eligible accounts receivable to Wells
     Fargo. Advances of the purchase price for the eligible receivables will be
     at an agreed upon discount to the face value of the eligible receivable.
     The amount actually collected on any receivable by Wells Fargo that is
     beyond the advance will be forwarded to the Company, less certain discounts
     and fees retained by Wells Fargo (including a minimum fee of $7,500 per
     month for the term of the Agreement). To secure the Company's obligations
     under the Agreement, the Company granted Wells Fargo a security interest in
     certain of the Company's property. The Agreement has a term of two years,
     but may be terminated at any time by the Company upon 60 days' written
     notice. As of June 30, 2006, the Company had financed receivables with
     Wells Fargo for approximately $558,000.

5.   COMMITMENTS:
     -----------

     Offices Leases - The Company leases office space in Colorado Springs,
     Colorado and Simtek GMBH leases office space in Dresden, Germany under
     leases which expire on February 28, 2013 and December 31, 2008,
     respectively. Combined monthly lease payments are approximately $22,000.

     The Company also has various fixed term license agreements for computer
     software design tools.

     Future lease payments under the noncancellable equipment, software design
     tool license agreements and office leases described above are as follows:

     Years Ending
     December 31,                                  (in thousands)
     ------------
            2007                                      $   1,173
            2008                                            740
            2009                                            378
            2010                                            211
            2011 & After                                    458
                                                      ---------

                                                      $   2,960

     Total expenses for office rent, equipment lease and software design tool
     license agreements totaled $884,000, $732,000 and $625,000 for the years
     ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

     Employment Agreements - Mr. Blomquist is employed as President and Chief
     Executive Officer pursuant to an employment agreement with the Company.
     Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Blomquist receives an
     annual salary of $325,000 and such additional benefits that are generally




                                       57
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     provided other employees. Mr. Blomquist will be eligible to receive a
     yearly cash bonus, based on performance, of up to 100% of his salary. In
     addition, Mr. Blomquist will receive a yearly bonus of options to purchase
     between 10,000 and 40,000 shares of the Company's common stock; the exact
     amount will be based on performance. Upon beginning employment, Mr.
     Blomquist received options to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company's
     common stock and a $50,000 bonus. Within four months of beginning
     employment, Mr. Blomquist was required to purchase 20,000 shares of common
     stock from the Company. For each share of common stock Mr. Blomquist
     purchased from the Company within six months of beginning employment,
     including the 20,000 shares he was required to purchase, the Company
     granted him an additional share. Mr. Blomquist purchased a total of 47,500
     shares and the Company granted him 47,500 matching shares. The Company
     recorded a total expense of $190,350 for the matching shares, the expense
     has been included in general and administrative expenses during the year
     ended December 31, 2005. Upon termination, Mr. Blomquist will be restricted
     from competing against the Company for a period of 18 months. If Mr.
     Blomquist is terminated by the Company without cause, all of Mr.
     Blomquist's unvested stock options will immediately vest and he will
     continue to receive his base salary, benefits, and cash and stock bonuses
     for 18 months. If Mr. Blomquist terminates employment due to good cause or
     as a result of constructive termination relating to a change of control of
     the Company, all of Mr. Blomquist's unvested stock options will immediately
     vest and he will continue to receive his base salary, benefits and cash and
     stock bonuses for 18 months. Mr. Blomquist's employment agreement expires
     May 9, 2006 but is, automatically renewed for successive one-year terms
     unless the Company or Mr. Blomquist elects not to renew.


6.   SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
     --------------------

     On October 5, 2006, Simtek completed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split of all
     of its outstanding common shares. All share and per share amounts have been
     restated to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split as if it had
     occurred as of the balance sheet date or as of the beginning of each fiscal
     period presented.

     On September 21, 2006, the Company raised gross proceeds of $4,555,000 in a
     private placement. The Company issued 1,153,171 shares of its common stock
     at a per share price of $3.95 and 172,981 warrants to purchase common
     stock. The warrants have a per share exercise price of $5.40 and a
     five-year term. The Company anticipates using the proceeds for general
     working capital to support revenue growth.

     On March 24, 2006, the Company entered into a License and Development
     Agreement with Cypress pursuant to which, among other things, Cypress has
     agreed to license certain intellectual property from the Company to develop
     and manufacture standard, custom, and embedded nvSRAM products. Cypress
     agreed to pay to Simtek royalties across all products they develop and sell
     which include intellectual property licensed from Simtek. The Company
     agreed to license from Cypress certain of their intellectual property for
     use in the Company's design efforts. The Company agreed with Cypress to
     co-develop certain nvSRAM products and Cypress agreed to pay the Company $4
     million in nonrefundable prepaid royalties, $2 million of which was
     received at the time the contract was executed. On June 30, 2006, the
     Company received the second installment of $1 million in prepaid royalties
     and the remaining $1 million was paid on December 18, 2006. In addition,
     the Company agreed with Cypress to work together to develop new products
     and processes. As part of the agreement, the Company issued to Cypress,
     warrants to acquire 2 million shares of the Company's common stock for
     $7.50 per share. The warrants have a ten year life. The company allocated
     $1,930,000 of the $4 million prepayment to the value of the warrants
     issued. The value was determined using the Black Scholes option-pricing
     model.





                                       58
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     On December 30, 2005, the Company closed the sale of 6,875,000 shares of
     its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $11,000,000, pursuant
     to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 30,
     2005, among Simtek and Crestview Capital Master LLC, as lead investor,
     Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III, Inc., Renaissance US Growth
     Investment Trust PLC, US Special Opportunities Trust PLC, SF Capital
     Partners Ltd., Straus Partners, LP, Straus GEPT Partners, LP and various
     other individual and institutional investors. The Company used the majority
     of the proceeds of this offering to fund the ZMD Asset Acquisition. The
     Company also executed a registration rights agreement with the purchasers,
     pursuant to which the Company has agreed to register under the Securities
     Act the resale by the purchasers of the shares issued to them. The
     registration rights agreements contain cash penalties equal to 2% per month
     beginning in May 2006 in the event the Company fails to maintain an
     effective registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission. At December 31, 2005 there was an outstanding subscription in
     the amount of $1,900,000 related to the transaction. This amount plus
     $641,000 of transaction related costs have been deducted from the total
     amount of the transaction. The $1,900,000 was received by the Company on
     January 3, 2006.

     On December 30, 2005, the Company issued 626,072 shares of its common stock
     to ZMD, at a stated value of $2 million, based on the volume weighted
     average price of the common stock for the 60 trading days prior to the
     execution date of the Asset Purchase Agreement on December 7, 2005. For
     accounting and financial reporting purposes, the shares issued to ZMD have
     been valued at $3.00 per share, pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force
     99-12 "Determination of the Measurement Date for the Market Price of
     Acquirer Securities Issued in a Purchase Business Combination", resulting
     in an accounting value of $1,882,000. The Company also executed a
     registration rights agreement with ZMD, pursuant to which it has agreed to
     register under the Securities Act the resale by ZMD of the shares issued to
     them.

     On May 5, 2005, the Company closed a Share Purchase Agreement for a $4
     million private placement of 674,082 shares of its common stock with
     Cypress and a Development and Production Agreement with Cypress to jointly
     develop a 0.13-micron Silicon-Oxide-Nitride-Oxide-Silicon (SONOS)
     nonvolatile memory process. The Company and Cypress entered into an Escrow
     Agreement with Cypress pursuant to which the Company deposited $3 million
     into an escrow account in order to support and make certain payments for
     the 0.13-micron process and product developments. As of December 31, 2006,
     $1,775,000 remaining in the escrow account. Cypress also received a warrant
     to purchase 505,562 shares of our common stock at $7.772 per share with a
     term of 10 years. We have granted to Cypress certain registration rights
     with respect to the shares issued under the Share Purchase Agreement and
     the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant.

     On June 28, 2005, the Company received a waiver from the debenture holders
     extending until July 1, 2006 the commencement date for principal payments
     of the $3 million aggregate principal amount 7.5% convertible debentures
     issued by the Company in 2002. The original terms of the debentures
     required the Company to make monthly principal payments of $10 per $1,000
     of the then remaining principal amount, beginning on June 28, 2005. The
     Company will still be required to make interest payments. Under the terms
     of the waiver, monthly principal payments of $13.33 per $1,000 of the then
     remaining outstanding principal amount commenced on July 1, 2006. The final
     maturity date remains as June 28, 2009. As consideration for the extension,
     the Company has issued to the debenture holders warrants to purchase 20,000
     shares of Simtek common stock at $5.00 per share, a premium to the market
     price on the date of the waiver. The Company estimated the value of the
     warrants at the time of grant, using the Black Scholes option-pricing




                                       59
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     model, to be approximately $62,000. The Company recognized $16,000 as
     additional interest expense for the period ending December 31, 2006.

     On May 10, 2006, the Company received a waiver letter from the debenture
     holders, which was issued to the Company due to the Company not being in
     compliance with two of the covenants defined in the loan agreement. As
     consideration for the waiver letter, the Company has issued to the
     debenture holders warrants to purchase 5,000 shares of Simtek common stock
     at $3.30 per share. The Company estimated the value of the warrants at the
     time of grant, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, to be
     approximately $11,000. The Company recognized $8,000 as additional interest
     expense for the period ending December 31, 2006.

     In May 2006, the Company entered into a $3,600,000 revolving credit
     agreement with Wells Fargo Business Credit. As part of this credit
     agreement the debenture holders were required to enter into a subordination
     agreement with Wells Fargo. As consideration for the subordination
     agreement, the Company has issued to the debenture holders warrants to
     purchase 20,000 shares of Simtek common stock at $3.30 per share. The
     Company estimated the value of the warrants at the time of grant, using the
     Black-Scholes option-pricing model, to be approximately $43,000. The
     Company recognized $16,000 as additional interest expense for the period
     ending December 31, 2006.

     On May 26, 2006, the Company issued to the following individuals, who are
     directors of Simtek, as compensation for serving as directors of Simtek
     under Simtek's standard compensation arrangement for directors, the
     following amounts of shares of Simtek common stock: Robert Keeley (3,376);
     Alfred Stein (3,376); Ronald Sartore (3,376); Robert Pearson (3,376); and
     Harold Blomquist (371). The expense for these shares was recorded at the
     time the compensation was earned by the directors.

     On October 12, 2004, the Company closed a $2,500,000 equity financing with
     three separate investment funds, SF Capital Partners, Ltd., Bluegrass
     Growth Fund LP and Bluegrass Growth Fund LTD. In exchange for the
     $2,500,000, the Company issued 412,797 shares of its common stock to SF
     Capital Partners, Ltd, 51,600 shares of its common stock to Bluegrass
     Growth Fund LP and 51,600 shares of its common stock to Bluegrass Growth
     Fund LTD. The purchase price was based on a 15% discount to the closing
     price of the Company's common stock as reported on the Over-the-Counter
     Bulletin Board on October 11, 2004, resulting in a price of $4.85 per
     share. In addition to the shares of common stock, SF Capital Partners Ltd.,
     Bluegrass Growth Fund LP, and Bluegrass Growth Fund LTD received warrants
     to acquire 206,399, 25,800 and 25,800 shares of the Company's common stock,
     respectively. The warrants have a 5-year term with an exercise price of
     $6.27 per share. Merriman Curhan Ford & Co., the placement agent for the
     $2,500,000 equity financing received a cash payment of $187,500 and
     warrants to acquire 38,700 shares of the Company's common stock. The terms
     of the $2,500,000 equity financing allowed for participation rights in
     certain of our future equity financings. In conjunction with the December
     2005 $11,000,000 PIPE transaction, Bluegrass Growth Fund LP, Bluegrass
     Growth Fund LTD and SF Capital Partners Ltd., agreed to waive certain
     participation rights held by them in connection with the $11,000,000 common
     stock transaction in exchange for the Company agreeing to reprice the
     257,999 warrants that they received in October 2004 from an exercise price
     of $6.27 to an exercise price of $2.65 per share.

     Warrants - A summary of the warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2006,
     is as follows:




                                       60
<PAGE>



                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             Per
                                                                  # of                       Warrant      Extended
                                                                  Warrants     Expiration    Exercise     Value of
     Warrant Holder                     Description  Issue Date   Outstanding  Date          Price        Warrants
    ----------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------ -----------
     <S>                                <C>          <C>             <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>
     US Special Opportunities
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     11/7/2003       12,500     11/7/2008    $ 12.50      $   156,250

     US Special Opportunities
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     11/7/2003       12,500     11/7/2008    $ 15.00      $   187,500

     Renaissance US Growth Investment
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     11/7/2003       12,500     11/7/2008    $ 12.50      $   156,250

     Renaissance US Growth Investment
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     11/7/2003       12,500     11/7/2008    $ 15.00      $   187,500

     Renaissance Capital Growth & Income
       Fund III                         Warrants     11/7/2003       12,500     11/7/2008    $ 12.50      $   156,250

     Renaissance Capital Growth & Income
       Fund III                         Warrants     11/7/2003       12,500     11/7/2008    $ 15.00      $   187,500

     SF Capital Partners Ltd.           Warrants     10/12/2004     206,399     10/12/2009   $  2.65      $   546,957

     Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.         Warrants     10/12/2004      38,700     10/12/2009   $  6.27      $   242,649

     Cypress Semiconductor              Warrants     5/5/2005       505,562     5/5/2015     $  7.772     $ 3,929,228

     US Special Opportunities
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     6/28/2005        6,667     6/28/2010    $  5.00      $    33,335

     Renaissance US Growth Investment
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     6/28/2005        6,667     6/28/2010    $  5.00      $    33,335

     Renaissance Capital Growth &
       Income Fund III                  Warrants     6/28/2005        6,667     6/28/2010    $  5.00      $    33,335

     C. E. Unterberg Towbin             Warrants     12/30/05        79,250     12/30/2010   $  2.80      $   221,900

     Cypress Semiconductor              Warrants     3/24/2006    1,000,000     3/24/2016    $  7.50      $ 7,500,000

     Renaissance Capital Growth &
       Income Fund III                  Warrants     5/26/2006        6,871     5/26/2011    $  3.30      $    22,674

     Renaissance US Growth Investment
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     5/26/2006        6,871     5/26/2011    $  3.30      $    22,674

     US Special Opportunities
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     5/26/2006        6,260     5/26/2011    $  3.30      $    20,658

     Renaissance Capital Growth &
       Income Fund III                  Warrants     5/26/2006        1,718     5/26/2011    $  3.30      $     5,669

     Renaissance US Growth Investment
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     5/26/2006        1,718     5/26/2011    $  3.30      $     5,669

     US Special Opportunities
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     5/26/2006        1,565     5/26/2011    $  3.30      $     5,165

     Cypress Semiconductor              Warrants     6/30/2006      500,000     6/30/2016    $  7.50      $ 3,750,000

     Premier RENN US Emerging Growth
       Fund Ltd.                        Warrants     9/21/2006       18,988     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $   102,535

     US Special Opportunities
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     9/21/2006       18,988     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $   102,535

     Renaissance US Growth Investment
       Trust Plc.                       Warrants     9/21/2006       18,988     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $   102,535


                                       61
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     Renaissance Capital Growth &
       Income Fund III                  Warrants     9/21/2006       18,988     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $   102,535

     Crestview Capital Master LLC       Warrants     9/21/2006       32,279     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $   174,307

     Big Bend XXVII Investments, L.P.   Warrants     9/21/2006       15,190     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    82,026

     SF Capital Partners Ltd.           Warrants     9/21/2006        7,595     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    41,013

     Straus GEPT Partners, LP           Warrants     9/21/2006        7,595     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    41,013

     Straus Partners, LP                Warrants     9/21/2006        7,595     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    41,013

     A. J. Stein Family Trust           Warrants     9/21/2006        3,798     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    20,509

     A. J. Stein Family Partnership     Warrants     9/21/2006        3,798     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    20,509

     Brian Stein                        Warrants     9/21/2006        3,798     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    20,509

     Toni Stein                         Warrants     9/21/2006        1,899     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    10,255

     Steven Hayes                       Warrants     9/21/2006        7,595     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    41,013

     Brian Alleman                      Warrants     9/21/2006        4,747     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $    25,634

     John Christopher McComb            Warrants     9/21/2006        1,140     9/20/2011    $  5.40      $     6,156

     Cypress Semiconductor              Warrants     12/18/2006     500,000     12/18/2016   $  7.50      $ 3,750,000
                                                                  ---------                               -----------

     Total Warrants                                               3,122,896                               $22,088,595
                                                                  =========                               ===========
</TABLE>

     Stock Option Plans - The Company has approved a Non-Qualified Stock Option
     Plan that authorizes 2,060,000 non-qualified stock options that may be
     granted to directors, employees, and consultants. The plan permits the
     issuance of non-statutory options and provide for a minimum exercise price
     equal to 100% of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the
     date of grant. The maximum term of options granted under the plan is 10
     years and options granted to employees expire 90 days after the termination
     of employment. In 2004, the Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan was extended
     for 10 more years. All options granted prior to March 24, 2006, began
     vesting after six months after the date of grant, and would become fully
     vested after three years and expire seven years from date of grant. On
     March 24, 2006, the Board of Directors changed the vesting schedule of
     stock options granted after March 24, 2006 to be as follows:

     o    If an officer or employee has been employed for 12 months or more,
          stock options will vest over 48 months at 1/48th per month, and
          vesting will begin immediately at 1/48th per month for the four year
          period.

     o    If an officer or employee has been employed for less than 12 months,
          no vesting will occur until the officer or employee has been employed
          for 12 months at which time the officer or employee will be caught up
          at 1/48th per month for each month since the option grant and then the
          options will continue to vest at 1/48th per month for the remaining
          portion of the four year period.

     o    If an officer or employee is a new hire, no vesting will occur until
          the officer or employee has been employed for 12 months at which time



                                       62
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


          the officer or employee will receive 12/48th of the vesting and then
          the options will continue to vest at 1/48th per month for the
          remaining portion of the four year period.

     o    All options granted to outside directors of the Company will be 100%
          vested after six months from the grant date.

     o    All options will expire seven years from date of grant.

     The following table summarizes the effects of the share-based compensation
     resulting from the application of SFAS No. 123(R) to options granted under
     the Company's stock option plan.

     Income Statement Classifications

                                                     December 31, 2006
                                                     -----------------
                                                       (in thousands)

         Research and development                      $         160
         Sales and marketing                                      78
         General and administration                              304
                                                       -------------

         Total                                         $         542
                                                       =============

     As of December 31, 2006, there was approximately $2.0 million of
     unrecognized compensation costs, adjusted for estimated forfeitures,
     related to non-vested options granted to the Company's employees and
     directors, which will be recognized through December 31, 2010. Total
     unrecognized compensation will be adjusted for future changes in estimated
     forfeitures.






























                                       63
<PAGE>


     The following table sets forth the pro forma amounts of net loss and net
     loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 that would
     have resulted if we had accounted for the stock option plans under the fair
     value recognition provisions of SFAS 123R.

                                                            December 31,
                                                            ------------
                                                        2005           2004
                                                        ----           ----
     (in thousands, except per share amounts)

     Net loss as reported                          $   (5,786)    $   (3,671)
       Add: Stock based compensation
              included in reported
       Net loss                                             -              -
       Deduct: Fair value of stock based
              compensation                             (1,294)          (831)
                                                   -----------    -----------
       Pro forma net loss                          $   (7,080)    $   (4,502)
                                                   ===========    ===========
     Net loss as reported - basic and
       diluted                                     $    (.84)     $    (.63)
     Pro forma net loss - basic and
       diluted                                     $   (1.03)     $    (.77)


     The following table summarizes stock options outstanding and changes during
     the twelve months ended December 31, 2006:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                   Outstanding Options
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                                    Average       Aggregate
                                                                                                   Remaining      Intrinsic
                                                                                    Weighted      Contractual       Value
                                                                                    Average           Term           (in
                                                             Number of Shares    Exercise Price    (in years)    thousands)
                                                             ----------------    ---------------  ------------   ----------
<S>                                                            <C>                   <C>            <C>           <C>
Options outstanding at January 1, 2006..................          796,936            $ 6.20
  Granted...............................................          619,085              4.00
  Exercised.............................................         (73,619)             (2.80)                      $ 115 (1)
  Cancelled or forfeited................................         (39,809)             (8.79)
                                                               ---------             ------
Options outstanding at December 31, 2006................       1,302,593             $ 5.24          4.383
                                                               =========             ======          =====

Options exercisable at December 31, 2006................         576,420             $ 6.33          4.383        $ 336 (2)
                                                               =========             ======          =====        ========

</TABLE>

(1)  Represents the difference between the exercise price and the value of
     Simtek stock at the time of exercise.

(2)  Represents the difference between the market value as of December 31, 2006
     and the exercise price of the shares. The market value as of December 31,
     2006 was $4.65 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market






                                       64
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     Stock options outstanding and currently exercisable at December 31, 2006
     are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                              Outstanding                                                      Exercisable
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------       ---------------------------------
                                        Weighted Average
                          ------------------------------------------------

                                             Remaining
                                            Contractual        Weighted
                             Number            Life            Average               Number       Weighted Average
     Exercise Price       Outstanding       in Months       Exercise Price        Exercisable      Exercise Price
     --------------       -----------      ------------     --------------        -----------     ----------------
     <S>                   <C>                  <C>            <C>                  <C>              <C>
     $1.60-$3.00            149,342             45             $    2.44            100,731          $   2.33

     $3.10-$5.40            750,108             67             $    4.18            197,357          $   4.41

     $6.00-$9.00            300,413             52             $    6.42            175,598          $   6.55

     $11.25-$13.40           75,230             28             $   12.21             75,234          $  12.21

     $15.00-$19.00           27,500             34             $   17.26             27,500          $  17.26
                          ---------                                                 -------

                          1,302,593                                                 576,398
                          =========                                                 =======
</TABLE>


     For grants issued during 2006, the fair value for stock options was
     estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
     model, which requires management to make certain assumptions. Expected
     volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock
     over the past 5 years. The Company based the risk-free interest rate that
     was used in the option valuation mode on U.S. Treasury notes. The Company
     does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future and
     therefore use an expected dividend yield of 0%.

     The fair value of each option granted in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was estimated
     on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
     following:

                                                       December 31,
                                                       ------------
                                               2006        2005        2004
                                               ----        ----        ----

     Expected volatility                      79.81%      84.30%     108.26%
     Risk-free interest rate                   5.11%       3.80%       2.40%
     Expected dividends                           -           -           -
     Expected terms (in years)                 4.87         4.0         4.0


     Cash received from option exercises for the year ended December 31, 2006
     was $206,000. The option exercises provide a tax deduction of approximately
     $112,000. This tax benefit will be charge to "paid-in capital" when, and
     if, the tax deduction is utilized prior to expiration.

     Modifications of Stock Options Granted

     In May 2005, the Company accelerated vesting of certain unvested and
     out-of-the-money stock options previously awarded to employees and
     officers. Because the price of the Company's common stock was $5.70 on the



                                       65
<PAGE>


     day of acceleration, the options, which are exercisable at $6.20 and above,
     had no economic value on the date of acceleration. As a result of the
     acceleration, options to purchase approximately 170,000 shares of Simtek
     common stock are now exercisable. Options held by non-employee directors
     were excluded from the vesting acceleration.

     Other - Preferred Stock may be issued in such series and preferences as
     determined by the Board of Directors.

7.   SIGNIFICANT CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK, MAJOR CUSTOMERS, AND OTHER RISKS
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     AND UNCERTAINTIES:
     -----------------

     Sales by location for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were
     as follows (as a percentage of sales):

                                         2006            2005              2004
                                         ----            ----              ----

     United States                        27%             26%               29%
     Europe                               25%             18%               11%
     Far East                             39%             46%               48%
     Other                                 9%             10%               12%
                                         ----             ----             ----
     Total                               100%             100%             100%

     Sales from the Company's military products accounted for approximately 8%,
     15% and 21% of total sales for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
     2004, respectively.

     Sales to unaffiliated customers which represent 10% or more of the
     Company's sales for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were
     as follows (as a percentage of sales) :

    Customer                           2006             2005              2004
    --------                           ----             ----              ----

        A                               5%               11%               12%
        B                               8%               11%               10%
        C                              10%               12%               12%
        D                              14%               17%               15%
        E                              12%                6%                8%

     At December 31, 2006, the Company had gross accounts receivable totaling
     $3,004,000 due from the above five customers.

     In 2006, 2005 and 2004, the Company purchased all of its silicon wafers,
     based on 0.8 micron technology from a single supplier, Chartered.
     Approximately 66%, 86% and 97% of the Company's net revenue for 2006, 2005
     and 2004, respectively, were from finished units produced from these
     wafers.

     In 2006, 2005 and 2004, the Company purchased all of its silicon wafers,
     based on 0.25 micron technology from a single supplier, Dongbu.
     Approximately 13%, 13% and 3% of the Company's net revenue for 2006, 2005
     and 2004, respectively, were from finished units produced from these
     wafers.

     In addition, approximately 20% of the Company's net revenue was from
     finished units purchased from ZMD.




                                       66
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8.   TAXES:
     -----

     Deferred taxes result from temporary differences between the financial
     statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. The
     components of deferred taxes are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Deferred Tax
                                                                Assets (Liability)
                                                                ------------------
                                                                 (in thousands)

                                                             2006              2005
                                                             ----              ----
     <S>                                                  <C>              <C>
     Current:
          Allowance for doubtful accounts                 $       9        $        3
          Reserves                                              381               231
          Accrued expenses                                      288               104
                                                          ---------        ----------
          Net current deferred tax before valuation
              allowance                                         678               338
          Valuation allowance                                  (678)             (338)
                                                          ---------       -----------
     Total current deferred tax                           $       -        $        -
                                                          =========        ==========

     Non-Current:
          Net operating losses                            $   6,456        $   15,369
          Property and equipment                                 54                41
          Tax credit                                             11                11
          Intangibles                                         1,418               956
          FAS 123R Accrual - Nonqualified Stock
              Options                                           201                 -
                                                          ---------        ----------
          Net non-current deferred tax asset before
              valuation allowance                             8,140            16,377
     Valuation allowance                                     (8,140)          (16,377)
                                                          ---------       -----------
     Total non-current deferred tax asset                 $       -       $         -
                                                          =========       ===========
</TABLE>


     The net current and non-current deferred tax assets have a 100% valuation
     allowance resulting from the inability to predict sufficient future taxable
     income to utilize the assets. The valuation allowance for 2006 decreased by
     $7,897,000 and increased by $2,043,000 in 2005. The primary reason for the
     decrease in 2006 relates to the expiration of net operating losses and the
     Company's assessment regarding the effects of section 382 discussed below.

     At the end of 2005, the Company underwent a change of ownership, as defined
     by the Internal Revenue Code, which has the effect of limiting the
     Company's ability to utilize its net operating losses in the future. As a
     result, approximately $15.8 million of net operating losses will expire and
     not be utilized. For purposes of reporting the Company's deferred tax asset
     related to net operating losses, the Company has not included the $15.8
     million in the calculation of its deferred tax asset. Excluding the $15.8
     million that will expire, the Company has approximately $17.4 million of
     available net operating loss carryforwards that may be utilized in the
     future and which begin to expire from 2007 to 2025.

     As a result of certain non-qualified stock options which have been
     exercised, approximately $4,544,000 of the net operating loss carryforwards
     will be charged to "paid-in-capital" when, and if, the losses are utilized.




                                       67
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     Total income tax expense for 2006, 2005 and 2004 differed from the amounts
     computed by applying the U. S. Federal statutory tax rates to the pre-tax
     loss as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          2006              2005             2004
                                                          ----              ----             ----
     <S>                                                 <C>              <C>               <C>
     Statutory rate                                      (34.0)%          (34.0)%           (34.0)%
     State income taxes, net of Federal income
          tax benefit                                     (3.1)%           (3.3)%            (3.3)%
     Increase (reduction) in valuation allowance
          related to net operating loss carryforwards
          and change in temporary differences             37.1%            37.3%             37.3%
                                                          -----            -----             -----

     Income tax expense (benefit)                            -                -                 -
                                                          =====            =====              ====
</TABLE>

9.   DISCONTINUED OPERATION:
     ----------------------

     On August 30, 2005, the Company, along with the Company's wholly-owned
     subsidiary, Q-DOT, Inc. ("Q-DOT"), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement
     with Hittite Microwave Corporation ("Hittite") and a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Hittite, HMC Acquisition Corporation ("HMC Acquisition"),
     whereby substantially all of the assets of Q-DOT were sold to HMC
     Acquisition in exchange for a cash payment of approximately $2.2 million.
     The Company realized a net gain of approximately $1,687,000. In addition,
     Hittite assumed certain future obligations of Q-DOT, including obligations
     related to Q-DOT's real estate lease and certain software license
     agreements. Incident to the Asset Purchase Agreement, the parties also
     entered an Escrow Agreement, whereby $200,000 of the purchase price was
     placed in escrow for one year to secure certain indemnification obligations
     of Simtek and Q-DOT. In addition, the parties entered into a
     Confidentiality, Non-Disclosure and Restrictive Covenant Agreement,
     whereby, among other things, Simtek and Q-DOT agreed not to compete against
     Hittite and HMC Acquisition for a period of four years with respect to
     certain businesses relating to Q-DOT's operations. On September 1, 2006,
     the Company received the $200,000 that was placed in the escrow account.

     In accordance with SFAS No. 144, the consolidated financial statements of
     the Company have been recast to present this business as a discontinued
     operation. Accordingly, the revenues, the costs and expenses of the
     discontinued operation have been excluded from the respective captions in
     the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and have been
     reported under the caption "Income from discontinued operations" for all
     periods presented. In addition, certain of the Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements have been recast for all periods to reflect the
     discontinuance of this operation.

     Summary results for the discontinued operation are as follows (in
     thousands):


     Description                          Years Ended December 31,
                                          ------------------------
                                               2005       2004
                                               ----       ----
     Operating Results:
     Revenue                               $   1,398   $   1,810
     Costs and expenses                        1,381       1,750
                                            --------    --------

     Income from discontinued
       Operation                           $      17   $      60
                                           =========   =========






                                       68
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     There are no amounts included in the December 31, 2005 Consolidated Balance
     Sheet related to the discontinued operations.

10.  ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN ASSETS FROM ZMD:
     --------------------------------------

     On December 30, 2005, the Company purchased from Zentrum Mikroelektronik
     Dresden AG ("ZMD") certain assets related to ZMD's nvSRAM product line (the
     "ZMD Asset Acquisition"). Under the terms of various agreements between
     Simtek and ZMD beginning in 1994, ZMD used Simtek's proprietary technology
     to manufacture and sell products that directly competed with Simtek's
     products. Management believes that the ZMD Asset Acquisition provided
     several benefits, including consolidation of nvSRAM products in the
     marketplace, increased sales volume, and control of its proprietary
     technology. On that same date and in connection with the ZMD Asset
     Acquisition, which is described in more detail below, Simtek and ZMD
     entered into a number of agreements including a License Agreement (the "New
     License Agreement"). Pursuant to the New License Agreement, ZMD assigned
     its rights in certain patents devoted to nvSRAM to Simtek and Simtek
     licensed to ZMD the right to use Simtek's silicon-oxide-nitride-oxide-
     silicon (SONOS)-based nvSRAM technology for embedded functions in ZMD's
     non-competing products. The licenses granted pursuant to the New License
     Agreement are perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free and unlimited. No fees
     or payments are due to either party under the New License Agreement. The
     New License Agreement shall remain in effect on a country-by-country basis
     until all patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary and legal
     rights subject thereto have expired or ended, unless terminated earlier by
     either party following a breach by the other party that remains uncured
     after 30 days' written notice. In addition, Simtek and ZMD executed a
     Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the "NC Agreement")
     whereby, for a period of five years from the closing, ZMD is prohibited
     from competing with certain of Simtek's products and from hiring employees
     of Simtek in certain situations.

     In 1994, the Company licensed certain intellectual property to ZMD, which
     permitted ZMD to produce nvSRAM products that directly competed with the
     products sold by the Company. During the past several years, the two
     companies have competed for market share with key customers, resulting in
     significant reductions in average unit selling prices. The Company believed
     that acquiring the assets from ZMD would result in more price stability in
     the marketplace and provide additional revenue to Simtek.

     The transaction with ZMD was completed on December 30, 2005. As such, the
     assets acquired are included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet
     as of December 31, 2005. However, there are no results of operations
     related to the assets acquired included in the Consolidated Statement of
     Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2005 as there were no operating
     activities until January 2006.
























                                       69
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     The purchase price consisted of $8 million of cash paid to ZMD, and 626,072
     shares of Simtek common stock issued to ZMD, valued at $2 million, per the
     terms of the agreement based on the volume weighted average price of the
     common stock for the 60 trading days prior to the execution date of the
     Asset Purchase Agreement on December 7, 2005. For accounting and financial
     reporting purposes, the shares issued to ZMD have been valued at $3.00 per
     share, pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force 99-12 "Determination of the
     Measurement Date for the Market Price of Acquirer Securities Issued in a
     Purchase Business Combination", resulting in an accounting value of
     $1,882,000. The total purchase price including transaction related costs,
     amounted to $10,425,000. The transaction related costs include $272,000
     investment banking costs, $240,000 legal fees, and $31,000 other.

     (in thousands of dollars)
     Finished goods inventory             $     639
     Non-competition agreement                8,910
     Goodwill                                   876
                                        -----------

     Total                              $    10,425
                                        -----------

     Management determined the value assigned to each of the assets identified
     above based on several factors, including among other things, unit cost of
     products to be purchased from ZMD in the future, Simtek's relationship with
     former ZMD customers, Simtek's knowledge of the design and technology of
     ZMD's products, and an independent valuation of the non-competition
     agreement (which will be amortized over the five year term of the
     agreement). No value was assigned to the New License Agreement, because in
     management's opinion, the intellectual property subject to that license is
     derived from the Company's base technology and does not significantly
     enhance or change such technology.

     The following table sets forth certain information related to unaudited pro
     forma results of operations, as if the transaction were completed at the
     beginning of each period presented (in thousands of dollars, except per
     share amounts):

                                                  2005             2004
                                                  ----             ----

     Revenue                                   $  18,136       $  20,338
     Loss from continuing operations              (9,664)         (5,627)
     Earnings per share                        $   (0.07)      $    (.04)


11.  Non-Refundable Prepaid Royalties

     On March 24, 2006, the Company entered into a License and Development
     Agreement with Cypress pursuant to which, among other things, Cypress
     agreed to license certain intellectual property from the Company to develop
     and manufacture standard, custom and embedded nvSRAM products and Cypress
     agreed to pay to the Company $4,000,000 in non-refundable pre-paid
     royalties of which $2 million was paid upon signing of the agreement, $1
     million was paid on June 30, 2006 and $1 million was paid on December 18,
     2006. In addition, the Company licensed rights to use certain intellectual
     property from Cypress for use in its products. As part of the License and
     Development Agreement, the Company agreed to issue Cypress warrants to
     purchase 2 million shares of the Company's common stock for $7.50 per
     share. The warrants have a ten year life. The warrants were issued upon
     receipt of each of the prepaid royalty amounts. The value of the warrants



                                       70
<PAGE>


                               SIMTEK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     issued of $1,930,000 was determined using the Black Scholes option-pricing
     model and has been recorded as an increase in additional paid in capital.
     The net balance of the non-refundable prepaid royalties of $2,070,000 were
     recognized as revenue at the time the payments were received.


     Supplementary Financial Data (UNAUDITED)

     Following is unaudited quarterly selected financial data for the past eight
     quarters (in thousands of dollars, except per share amounts):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 Quarters Ended
                                        --------------------------------------------------------------
                                        3/31/06           6/30/06           9/30/06          12/31/06
                                        -------           -------           -------          --------
     <S>                                <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>
     Revenue                            $   5,778         $   6,926         $  8,251         $   9,675
     Gross margin                           2,308             2,359            3,272             4,667
     Loss from continuing
          Operations                         (901)           (1,453)            (249)              596
     Income (loss) from
           discontinued operations              -                 -                -                 -
     Net Loss                                (901)           (1,453)            (249)              596
     Net Loss per Common Share:
          Basic and diluted:
     Loss from continuing
          Operations                    $    (.13)        $    (.10)        $   (.02)        $     .04
     Income (loss) from
          Discontinued operations       $     .00         $     .00         $    .00         $     .00
     Total                              $    (.13)        $    (.10)        $   (.02)        $     .04


                                                                 Quarters Ended
                                        --------------------------------------------------------------
                                        3/31/05           6/30/05           9/30/05          12/31/05
                                        -------           -------           -------          --------

     Revenue                            $   2,976         $   2,204         $  2,412         $   2,793
     Gross margin                             968               529              605               692
     Loss from continuing
          Operations                         (986)           (2,936)          (1,718)           (1,850)
     Income (loss) from
           discontinued operations            (26)              (36)           1,768                (2)
     Net Loss                              (1,012)           (2,972)              50            (1,852)
     Net Loss per Common Share:
          Basic and diluted:
     Loss from continuing
          Operations                    $    (.16)        $    (.45)        $   (.24)        $    (.25)
     Income (loss) from
          Discontinued operations       $     .00         $     .01         $    .24         $     .00
     Total                              $    (.16)        $    (.46)        $   (.00)        $    (.25)


</TABLE>












                                       71
<PAGE>





Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
        Financial Disclosure
        --------------------

        None in 2006.

Item 9A: Controls and Procedures
--------------------------------

(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.

Harold Blomquist and Brian Alleman, who serve as the Company's chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, respectively, after evaluating the
effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the period covered by this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"), concluded
that as of the Evaluation Date, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported as specified in the SEC's rules and forms and
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting.

There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
during the three months ended December 31, 2006, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial
reporting.

Item 9A(T): Controls and Procedures
-----------------------------------

Not applicable.

Item 9B: Other Information
--------------------------

None in 2006.






























                                       72
<PAGE>


                                    PART III

Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
---------------------------------------------------------------

Portions of our proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with
respect to our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference
in this section.

Item 11: Executive Compensation
-------------------------------

Portions of our proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with
respect to our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference
in this section.

Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
         and Related Stockholder Matters
         -------------------------------

Portions of our proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with
respect to our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference
in this section.

Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
---------------------------------------------------------------------
         Independence
         ------------

Portions of our proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with
respect to our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference
in this section.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
-----------------------------------------------

Portions of our proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with
respect to our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference
in this section.






























                                       73
<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

Item 15: Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules


2.1      Plan of Conversion of Simtek Corporation, a Colorado corporation, into
         Simtek Corporation, a Delaware corporation, dated October 4, 2006.(1)
3.1      Certificate of Incorporation for Simtek Corporation, a Delaware
         corporation.(1)
3.2      Bylaws of Simtek Corporation, a Delaware corporation.(1)
4.1      1987-I Employee Restricted Stock Plan.(2)
4.2      Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and
         Participating Employees.(2)
4.3      Form of Common Stock Certificate of Simtek Corporation, a Delaware
         corporation.(1)
4.4      Simtek Corporation 1991 Stock Option Plan.(3)
4.5      Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement between the Company and
         Eligible Employees.(3)
4.6      1994 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.(4)
4.7      Amendment to the 1994 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.(5)
4.8      Q-DOT Group, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Plan of March 1994 adopted by
         Simtek.(7)
4.9      Form of Q-DOT Group, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement between the
         Company and Eligible Employees.(7)
4.10     Amendment to the 1994 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.(7)
4.11     Amendment to the 1994 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.(15)
10.1     Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between the
         Company and certain of its employees.(2)
10.2     Form of Employee Invention and Patent Agreement between the Company and
         certain of its employees.(2)
10.3     Manufacturing Agreement between Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing,
         PTE, LTD. and Simtek Corporation dated September 16, 1992.(5)
10.4     Separation Agreement, dated May 9, 2005, between Simtek Corporation and
         Douglas M. Mitchell.(6)
10.5     Technology Development, License and Product Agreement between Amkor
         Technology and Simtek.(8)
10.6     Manufacturing Services Agreement between Amkor Technology, Inc. and
         Simtek Corp.(8)
10.7     Convertible Loan Agreement between Simtek Corporation as borrower and
         Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III, Inc. and Renaissance US
         Growth and Income Trust, PLC and BFSUS Special Opportunities Trust, PLC
         as lenders.(9)
10.8     7.5% $1,000,000 Convertible Debenture between Simtek Corporation and
         BSFSUS Special Opportunities Trust, PLC.(9)
10.9     7.5% $1,000,000 Convertible Debenture between Simtek Corporation and
         Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III, Inc.(9)
10.10    7.5% $1,000,000 Convertible Debenture between Simtek Corporation and
         Renaissance Capital US Growth & Income Trust, PLC.(9)




                                       74
<PAGE>


10.11    Borrowers Security Agreement between Simtek Corporation as borrower and
         Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III, Inc. and Renaissance US
         Growth and Income Trust, PLC and BFSUS Special Opportunities Trust, PLC
         as lenders.(9)
10.12    Pledge Agreement between Simtek Corporation as borrower and Renaissance
         Capital Growth & Income Fund III, Inc. and Renaissance US Growth and
         Income Trust, PLC and BFSUS Special Opportunities Trust, PLC as
         lenders.(9)
10.13    Technology Development, License and Product Agreement between Amkor
         Technology and Simtek - Amended September 2002.(10)
10.14    Assignment, dated February 21, 2003, of the Agreement(s) between Simtek
         Corporation and Amkor Technology, Inc.(11)
10.15    Securities Purchase Agreement between Simtek Corporation and
         Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III, Inc. and Renaissance US
         Growth Investment Trust, PLC and BFSUS Special Opportunities Trust,
         PLC.(12)
10.16    Form of $12.50 Stock Purchase Warrant.(12)
10.17    Form of $15.00 Stock Purchase Warrant.(12)
10.18    Amendment dated January 27, 2004 between Simtek Corporation and Baja
         Properties, LLC (Landlord) (together with amendment dated June 7, 2000
         and underlying lease dated July 26, 2000).(13)
10.19    Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2004, by and among the
         Company, SF Capital Partners Ltd., Bluegrass Growth Fund LP and
         Bluegrass Growth Fund LTD.(14)
10.20    Form of Warrant (attached as Exhibit A to Securities Purchase
         Agreement, dated October 12, 2004, by and among the Company, SF Capital
         Partners Ltd., Bluegrass Growth Fund LP and Bluegrass Growth Fund
         LTD).(14)
10.21    Form of Registration Rights Agreement (attached as Exhibit B to
         Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2004, by and among the
         Company, SF Capital Partners Ltd., Bluegrass Growth Fund LP and
         Bluegrass Growth Fund LTD).(14)
10.22    Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 4, 2005, by and between the Company
         and Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.(16)
10.23    Development and Production Agreement, dated May 4, 2005, by and between
         the Company and Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.(16)
10.24    Escrow Agreement, dated May 4, 2005, by and among the Company, Cypress
         Semiconductor Corporation and U.S. Bank, National Association.(16)
10.25    Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 4, 2005, from the Company to Cypress
         Semiconductor Corporation.(16)
10.26    Employment agreement by and between the Company and Harold
         Blomquist.(6)
10.27    Waiver letter agreement, dated June 28, 2005, by and between the
         Company, Q-DOT, Inc., Renaissance Capital Growth & Income Fund III,
         Inc., Renaissance US Growth Investment Trust PLC and BFS US Special
         Opportunities Trust PLC.(17)
10.28    Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 30, 2005, by and among Hittite
         Microwave Corporation, HMC Acquisition Corporation, the Company and
         Q-DOT, Inc.(18)
10.29    Escrow Agreement, dated August 30, 2005, by and among the Company,
         Q-DOT, Inc., Hittite Microwave Corporation, HMC Acquisition
         Corporation, and U.S. Bank, National Association.(18)
10.30    Confidentiality, Non-Disclosure and Restrictive Covenant Agreement,
         dated August 30, 2005, by and among Hittite Microwave Corporation, HMC
         Acquisition Corporation, the Company and Q-DOT, Inc.(18)
10.31    Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 7, 2005, by and between the
         Company and Zentrum Mikroelektronik Dresden AG.(19)




                                       75
<PAGE>


10.32    Form of License Agreement, dated December 30, 2005, by and between the
         Company and Zentrum Mikroelektronik Dresden AG.(19)
10.33    Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated December
         30, 2005, by and between the Company and Zentrum Mikroelektronik
         Dresden AG.(19)
10.34    Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 30, 2005, by and
         between the Company and Zentrum Mikroelektronik Dresden AG.(19)
10.35    Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 30, 2005, by and
         among the Company various purchasers.(20)
10.36    Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 30, 2005, by and
         among the Company and various purchasers.(20)
10.37    License and Development Agreement, dated March 24, 2006, by and between
         the Company and Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.(21)
10.38    Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 24,
         2006, by and between the Company and Cypress Semiconductor
         Corporation.(21)
10.39    Employment Agreement, dated April 25, 2006, by and between the Company
         and Brian P. Alleman.(22)
10.40    Preliminary agreement between the Company and Ronald Sartore.(23)
10.41    Account Purchase Agreement, effective June 2, 2006, by and between the
         Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, acting through its
         Wells Fargo Business Credit operating division.(24)
10.42    Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 21, 2006, by and
         among the Company and various purchasers.(25)
10.43    Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 21, 2006, by and
         among the Company and various purchasers.(25)
10.44    Form of Stock Purchase Warrant, dated September 21, 2006, by and among
         the Company and various purchasers.(25)
10.45    Offer letter from the Company to Ronald Sartore, dated November 3,
         2006.(26)
14.1     Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
21.1     Subsidiaries of the registrant
23.1     Consent of Hein & Associates LLP, Independent Registered Public
         Accounting Firm
31.1     Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
         of Principal Executive Officer
31.2     Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
         of Principal Financial Officer
32.1     Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
         of Principal Executive Officer
32.2     Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
         of Principal Financial Officer



(1)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K12G3
     filed by the Company with the SEC on October 10, 2006
(2)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form S-1 Registration Statement
     (Reg. No. 33-37874) filed with the Commission on November 19, 1990.


                                       76
<PAGE>


(3)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form S-1 Registration Statement
     (Reg. No. 33-46225) filed with the Commission on March 6, 1992.
(4)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
     with the Commission on March 25, 1995
(5)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
     with the Commission on March 27, 1996
(6)  Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May
     12, 2005
(7)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement
     (Reg. No. 333-73794) filed with the Commission on November 20, 2001
(8)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
     filed with the Commission on March 27, 2002
(9)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB
     filed with the Commission on August 13, 2002
(10) Incorporated be reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB
     filed with the Commission on November 8, 2002
(11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
     filed with the Commission on March 27, 2003
(12) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
     Company with the SEC on November 12, 2003
(13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
     filed with the Commission on March 4, 2004
(14) Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
     Company with the Commission on October 12, 2004
(15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement
     (Reg. No. 333-1210005) filed with the Commission on December 7, 2004
(16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on May 10, 2005
(17) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on July 5, 2005
(18) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on September 6, 2005
(19) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on December 13, 2005
(20) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on January 3, 2006
(21) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on March 30, 2006
(22) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on May 1, 2006.
(23) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on May 30, 2006.
(24) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on June 8, 2006.
(25) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
     by the Company with the SEC on September 25, 2006
(26) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A
     filed by the Company with the SEC on November 9, 2006


                                       77
<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Colorado
Springs, State of Colorado, United States of America, on April 2, 2007.

                                     SIMTEK CORPORATION


                                     /s/Harold Blomquist
                                     --------------------------------------
                                     By: Harold Blomquist
                                     Chief Executive Officer and President

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed on April 2, 2007 by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated.

SIGNATURE                                                     TITLE


   /s/Harold Blomquist
--------------------------------------
Harold Blomquist                           Chief Executive Officer and President


   /s/Brian Alleman
--------------------------------------
Brian Alleman                              Chief Financial Officer


   /s/Harold Blomquist
--------------------------------------
Harold Blomquist                           Chairman of the Board


  /s/Robert Keeley
--------------------------------------
Robert H. Keeley                           Director


  /s/Alfred Stein
--------------------------------------
Alfred Stein                               Director


  /s/Robert Pearson
--------------------------------------
Robert Pearson                             Director


  /s/Ronald Sartore
--------------------------------------
Ronald Sartore                             Director


  /s/John Hillyard
--------------------------------------
John Hillyard                              Director



















                                       78
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>

